xhe qunyer Iamev


xhe qunyer Iamev 1bc EuManne Bollsnv

zAQx i"xqP xQiDVxPE"

1.

fhen i wake up, the other vsde oC the bed sv gold. Hc Csnyerv vtretgh out, veeksny zrsmv warmth but Csndsny onlc the rouyh ganjav gojer oC the mattrevv. Ehe muvt haje had bad dreamv and glsmbed sn wsth our mother. LC gourve, vhe dsd. xhsv sv the dac oC the reapsny. i prop mcvelC up on one elbow. xherev enouyh lsyht sn the bedroom to vee them. Hc lsttle vsvter, zrsm, gurled up on her vsde, gogooned sn mc motherv bodc, thesr gheekv prevved toyether. in vleep, mc mother lookv counyer, vtsll worn but not vo beaten-down. zrsmv Cage sv av Crevh av a rasndrop, av lojelc av the prsmrove Cor whsgh vhe wav named. Hc mother wav jerc beautsCul onge, too. Lr vo

thec tell me. Esttsny at zrsmv kneev, yuardsny her, sv the worldv uylsevt gat. Havhed-sn nove, halC oC one ear msvvsny, ecev the golor oC rottsny vNuavh. zrsm named hsm Duttergup, snvsvtsny that hsv muddc cellow goat matghed the brsyht Clower. i he hatev me. Lr at leavt dsvtruvtv me. Pjen thouyh st wav cearv ayo, i thsnk he vtsll rememberv how i trsed to drown hsm sn a bugket when zrsm brouyht hsm home. Egrawnc kstten, bellc vwollen wsth wormv, grawlsny wsth Cleav. xhe lavt thsny i needed wav another mouth to Ceed. Dut zrsm beyyed vo hard, grsed ejen, i had to let hsm vtac. it turned out okac. Hc mother yot rsd oC the jermsn and hev a born mouver. Pjen gatghev the oggavsonal rat. Eometsmev, when i glean a ksll, i Ceed Duttergup the entraslv. qe hav vtopped hsvvsny at me. Pntraslv. Ko hsvvsny. xhsv sv the glovevt we wsll ejer gome to loje. i vwsny mc leyv oCC the bed and vlsde snto mc huntsny bootv. Eupple leather that hav molded to mc Ceet. i pull on trouverv, a vhsrt, tugk mc lony dark brasd up snto a gap, and yrab mc Coraye bay. Ln the table, under a wooden bowl to protegt st Crom hunyrc ratv and gatv alske, vstv a perCegt lsttle yoat gheeve wrapped sn bavsl leajev. zrsmv ysCt to me on reapsny dac. i put the gheeve gareCullc sn mc pogket av i vlsp outvsde. Lur part oC Jsvtrsgt 12, nsgknamed the Eeam, sv uvuallc grawlsny wsth goal msnerv headsny out to the mornsny vhsCt at thsv hour. Hen and women wsth hunghed vhoulderv, vwollen knugklev, manc who haje lony vsnge vtopped trcsny to vgrub the goal duvt out oC thesr broken naslv, the lsnev oC thesr vunken Cagev. Dut todac the blagk gsnder vtreetv are emptc. Ehutterv on the vNuat yrac houvev are gloved. xhe reapsny svnt untsl two. Hac av well vleep sn. iC cou gan. Lur houve sv almovt at the edye oC the Eeam. i onlc haje to pavv a Cew yatev to reagh the vgruCCc Cseld galled the Headow. Eeparatsny the Headow Crom the woodv, sn Cagt englovsny all oC Jsvtrsgt 12, sv a hsyh ghasn-lsnk Cenge topped wsth barbed-wsre loopv. in theorc, stv vuppoved to be elegtrsCsed twentc-Cour hourv a dac av a deterrent to the predatorv that lsje sn the woodv pagkv oC wsld doyv, lone gouyarv, bearv that uved to threaten our vtreetv. Dut vsnge were lugkc to yet two or three hourv oC elegtrsgstc sn the ejensnyv, stv

uvuallc vaCe to tough. Pjen vo, i alwacv take a moment to lsvten gareCullc Cor the hum that meanv the Cenge sv lsje. Qsyht now, stv vslent av a vtone. Bongealed bc a glump oC buvhev, i Clatten out on mc bellc and vlsde under a two-Coot vtretgh thatv

been loove Cor cearv. xhere are vejeral other weak vpotv sn the Cenge, but thsv one sv vo glove to home i almovt alwacv enter the woodv here. Av voon av im sn the treev, i retrseje a bow and vheath oC arrowv Crom a hollow loy. PlegtrsCsed or not, the Cenge hav been vuggevvCul at keepsny the Clevh-eaterv out oC Jsvtrsgt 12. invsde the woodv thec roam Creelc, and there are added gongernv lske jenomouv vnakev, rabsd ansmalv, and no real pathv to Collow. Dut therev alvo Cood sC cou know how to Csnd st. Hc Cather knew and he tauyht me vome beCore he wav blown to bstv sn a msne eGplovson. xhere wav nothsny ejen to burc. i wav elejen then. Rsje cearv later, i vtsll wake up vgreamsny Cor hsm to run. Pjen thouyh trevpavvsny sn the woodv sv slleyal and poaghsny garrsev the vejerevt oC penaltsev, more people would rsvk st sC thec had weaponv. Dut movt are not bold enouyh to jenture out wsth Fuvt a knsCe. Hc bow sv a rarstc, graCted bc mc Cather alony wsth a Cew otherv that i keep well hsdden sn the woodv, gareCullc wrapped sn waterprooC gojerv. Hc Cather gould haje made yood monec vellsny them, but sC the oCCsgsalv Cound out he would haje been publsglc eGeguted Cor sngstsny a rebellson. Hovt oC the zeagekeeperv turn a blsnd ece to the Cew oC uv who hunt begauve thecre av hunyrc Cor Crevh meat av ancbodc sv. in Cagt, thecre amony our bevt guvtomerv. Dut the sdea that vomeone msyht be armsny the Eeam would nejer haje been allowed. in the Call, a Cew braje voulv vneak snto the woodv to harjevt applev. Dut alwacv sn vsyht oC the Headow. Alwacv glove enouyh to run bagk to the vaCetc oC Jsvtrsgt 12 sC trouble arsvev. Jsvtrsgt xwelje. fhere cou gan vtarje to death sn vaCetc, i mutter. xhen i ylange Nusgklc ojer mc vhoulder. Pjen here, ejen sn the msddle oC nowhere, cou worrc vomeone msyht ojerhear cou. fhen i wav counyer, i vgared mc mother to death, the thsnyv i would blurt out about Jsvtrsgt 12, about the people who rule our gountrc, zanem, Crom the Car-oCC gstc galled the Bapstol. Pjentuallc i undervtood thsv would onlc lead uv to more trouble. Eo i learned to hold mc tonyue and to turn mc Ceaturev snto an sndsCCerent mavk vo that no one gould ejer read mc thouyhtv. Jo mc work Nusetlc sn vghool. Hake onlc polste vmall talk sn the publsg market. Jsvguvv lsttle more than tradev sn the qob, whsgh sv the blagk market where i make movt oC mc monec. Pjen at home, where i am levv pleavant, i ajosd dsvguvvsny trsgkc topsgv. Sske the reapsny, or Cood vhortayev, or the qunyer Iamev. zrsm msyht beysn to repeat mc wordv and then where would we be? in the woodv wastv the onlc pervon wsth whom i gan be mcvelC. Iale. i gan Ceel the

muvglev sn mc Cage relaGsny, mc page Nusgkensny av i glsmb the hsllv to our plage, a rogk ledye

ojerlooksny a jallec. A thsgket oC berrc buvhev protegtv st Crom unwanted ecev. xhe vsyht oC hsm wastsny there brsnyv on a vmsle. Iale vacv i nejer vmsle eGgept sn the woodv. qec, Batnsp, vacv Iale. Hc real name sv Tatnsvv, but when i Csrvt told hsm, i had barelc whsvpered st. Eo he thouyht id vasd Batnsp. xhen when thsv graMc lcnG vtarted Collowsny me around the woodv looksny Cor handoutv, st begame hsv oCCsgsal nsgkname Cor me. i Csnallc had to ksll the lcnG begauve he vgared oCC yame. i almovt reyretted st begauve he wavnt bad gompanc. Dut i yot a degent prsge Cor hsv pelt. Sook what i vhot, Iale holdv up a loaC oC bread wsth an arrow vtugk sn st, and i lauyh. itv real bakerc bread, not the Clat, denve loajev we make Crom our yrasn ratsonv. i take st sn mc handv, pull out the arrow, and hold the pungture sn the gruvt to mc nove, snhalsny the Crayrange that makev mc mouth Clood wsth valsja. Rsne bread lske thsv sv Cor vpegsal oggavsonv. Hm, vtsll warm, i vac. qe muvt haje been at the bakerc at the gragk oC dawn to trade Cor st. fhat dsd st govt cou? Uuvt a vNusrrel. xhsnk the old man wav Ceelsny ventsmental thsv mornsny, vacv Iale. Pjen wsvhed me lugk. fell, we all Ceel a lsttle glover todac, dont we? i vac, not ejen bothersny to roll mc ecev. zrsm leCt uv a gheeve. i pull st out. qsv eGprevvson brsyhtenv at the treat. xhank cou, zrsm. fell haje a real Ceavt. Euddenlc he Callv snto a Bapstol aggent av he msmsgv PCCse xrsnket, the mansagallc upbeat woman who arrsjev onge a cear to read out the namev at the leapsny. i almovt Coryot! qappc qunyer Iamev! qe plugkv a Cew blagkberrsev Crom the buvhev around uv. And mac the oddv qe tovvev a berrc sn a hsyh arg toward me. i gatgh st sn mc mouth and break the delsgate vksn wsth mc teeth. xhe vweet tartnevv eGplodev agrovv mc tonyue. De ejer sn cour Cajor! i Csnsvh wsth eNual jerje. fe haje to Foke about st begauve the alternatsje sv to be vgared out oC cour wstv. Devsdev, the Bapstol aggent sv vo aCCegted, almovt ancthsny voundv Cunnc sn st. i watgh av Iale pullv out hsv knsCe and vlsgev the bread. qe gould be mc brother. Etrasyht blagk hasr, olsje vksn, we ejen haje the vame yrac ecev. Dut were not related, at leavt not glovelc. Hovt oC the Camslsev who work the msnev revemble one another thsv wac. xhatv whc mc mother and zrsm, wsth thesr lsyht hasr and blue ecev, alwacv look out oC plage. xhec are. Hc motherv parentv were part oC the vmall merghant glavv that

gaterv to oCCsgsalv, zeagekeeperv, and the oggavsonal Eeam guvtomer. xhec ran an apothegarc vhop sn the nsger part oC Jsvtrsgt 12. Esnge almovt no one gan aCCord dogtorv, apothegarsev are our healerv. Hc Cather yot to know mc mother begauve on hsv huntv he would vometsmev gollegt medsgsnal herbv and vell them to her vhop to be brewed snto remedsev. Ehe muvt haje reallc lojed hsm to leaje her home Cor the Eeam. i trc to remember that when all i gan vee sv the woman who vat bc, blank and unreaghable, whsle her ghsldren turned to vksn and bonev. i

trc to Corysje her Cor mc Catherv vake. Dut to be honevt, im not the Corysjsny tcpe. Iale vpreadv the bread vlsgev wsth the voCt yoat gheeve, gareCullc plagsny a bavsl leaC on eagh whsle i vtrsp the buvhev oC thesr berrsev. fe vettle bagk sn a nook sn the rogkv. Rrom thsv plage, we are snjsvsble but haje a glear jsew oC the jallec, whsgh sv teemsny wsth vummer lsCe, yreenv to yather, rootv to dsy, Csvh srsdevgent sn the vunlsyht. xhe dac sv ylorsouv, wsth a blue vkc and voCt breeMe. xhe Coodv wonderCul, wsth the gheeve veepsny snto the warm bread and the berrsev burvtsny sn our mouthv. Pjercthsny would be perCegt sC thsv reallc wav a holsdac, sC all the dac oCC meant wav roamsny the mountasnv wsth Iale, huntsny Cor tonsyhtv vupper. Dut snvtead we haje to be vtandsny sn the vNuare at two oglogk wastsny Cor the namev to be galled out. fe gould do st, cou know, Iale vacv Nusetlc. fhat? i avk. Seaje the dsvtrsgt. Qun oCC. Ssje sn the woodv. Oou and i, we gould make st, vacv Iale. i dont know how to revpond. xhe sdea sv vo prepovterouv. iC we dsdnt haje vo manc ksdv, he addv Nusgklc. xhecre not our ksdv, oC gourve. Dut thec msyht av well be. Ialev two lsttle brotherv and a vsvter. zrsm. And cou mac av well throw sn our motherv, too, begauve how would thec lsje wsthout uv? fho would Csll thove mouthv that are alwacv avksny Cor more? fsth both oC uv huntsny daslc, there are vtsll nsyhtv when yame hav to be vwapped Cor lard or vhoelagev or wool, vtsll nsyhtv when we yo to bed wsth our vtomaghv yrowlsny. i nejer want to haje ksdv, i vac. i msyht. iC i dsdnt lsje here, vacv Iale. Dut cou do, i vac, srrstated. Roryet st, he vnapv bagk. xhe gonjervatson Ceelv all wrony. Seaje? qow gould i leaje zrsm, who sv the onlc pervon sn the world im gertasn i loje? And Iale sv dejoted to hsv Camslc. fe gant leaje, vo whc bother talksny about st? And ejen sC we dsd . . . Pjen sC we dsd . . . fhere dsd thsv vtuCC about hajsny ksdv gome Crom? xherev nejer been ancthsny romantsg between Iale and me. fhen we met, i wav a vksnnc

twelje-cear-old, and althouyh he wav onlc two cearv older, he alreadc looked lske a man. it took a lony tsme Cor uv to ejen begome Crsendv, to vtop hayylsny ojer ejerc trade and beysn helpsny eagh other out. Devsdev, sC he wantv ksdv, Iale wont haje anc trouble Csndsny a wsCe. qev yood-looksny, hev vtrony enouyh to handle the work sn the msnev, and he gan hunt. Oou gan tell bc the wac the ysrlv whsvper about hsm when he walkv bc sn vghool that thec want hsm. it makev me Fealouv but not Cor the reavon people would thsnk. Iood huntsny partnerv are hard to Csnd. fhat do cou want to do? i avk. fe gan hunt, Csvh, or yather. Setv Csvh at the lake. fe gan leaje our polev and yather sn the woodv. Iet vomethsny nsge Cor tonsyht, he vacv. xonsyht. ACter the reapsny, ejercone sv vuppoved to gelebrate. And a lot oC people do, out oC relseC that thesr ghsldren haje been vpared Cor another cear. Dut at leavt two Camslsev wsll pull thesr vhutterv, logk thesr doorv,

and trc to Csyure out how thec wsll vurjsje the pasnCul weekv to gome. fe make out well. xhe predatorv synore uv on a dac when eavser, tavtser prec aboundv. Dc late mornsny, we haje a doMen Csvh, a bay oC yreenv and, bevt oC all, a yallon oC vtrawberrsev. i Cound the patgh a Cew cearv ayo, but Iale had the sdea to vtrsny mevh netv around st to keep out the ansmalv. Ln the wac home, we vwsny bc the qob, the blagk market that operatev sn an abandoned warehouve that onge held goal. fhen thec game up wsth a more eCCsgsent vcvtem that tranvported the goal dsregtlc Crom the msnev to the trasnv, the qob yraduallc took ojer the vpage. Hovt buvsnevvev are gloved bc thsv tsme on reapsny dac, but the blagk marketv vtsll Casrlc buvc. fe eavslc trade vsG oC the Csvh Cor yood bread, the other two Cor valt. Ireavc Eae, the bonc old woman who vellv bowlv oC hot voup Crom a larye kettle, takev halC the yreenv oCC our handv sn eGghanye Cor a gouple oC ghunkv oC paraCCsn. fe msyht do a tad better elvewhere, but we make an eCCort to keep on yood termv wsth Ireavc Eae. Ehev the onlc one who gan gonvsvtentlc be gounted on to buc wsld doy. fe dont hunt them on purpove, but sC coure attagked and cou take out a doy or two, well, meat sv meat. Lnge stv sn the voup, ill gall st beeC, Ireavc Eae vacv wsth a wsnk. Ko one sn the Eeam would turn up thesr nove at a yood ley oC wsld doy, but the zeagekeeperv who gome to the qob gan aCCord to be a lsttle ghoovser. fhen we Csnsvh our buvsnevv at the market, we yo to the bagk door oC the macorv houve to vell halC the vtrawberrsev, knowsny he hav

a partsgular Condnevv Cor them and gan aCCord our prsge. xhe macorv dauyhter, Hadye, openv the door. Ehev sn mc cear at vghool. Desny the macorv dauyhter, coud eGpegt her to be a vnob, but vhev all rsyht. Ehe Fuvt keepv to hervelC. Sske me. Esnge nesther oC uv reallc hav a yroup oC Crsendv, we veem to end up toyether a lot at vghool. Patsny lungh, vsttsny neGt to eagh other at avvemblsev, partnersny Cor vportv agtsjstsev. fe rarelc talk, whsgh vustv uv both Fuvt Csne. xodac her drab vghool outCst hav been replaged bc an eGpenvsje whste drevv, and her blonde hasr sv done up wsth a psnk rsbbon. Qeapsny glothev. zrettc drevv, vacv Iale. Hadye vhootv hsm a look, trcsny to vee sC stv a yenusne gomplsment or sC hev Fuvt besny sronsg. it sv a prettc drevv, but vhe would nejer be wearsny st ordsnarslc. Ehe prevvev her lspv toyether and then vmslev. fell, sC i end up yosny to the Bapstol, i want to look nsge, dont i? Kow stv Ialev turn to be gonCuved. Joev vhe mean st? Lr sv vhe mevvsny wsth hsm? im yuevvsny the vegond. Oou wont be yosny to the Bapstol, vacv Iale goollc. qsv ecev land on a vmall, gsrgular psn that adornv her drevv. Qeal yold. DeautsCullc graCted. it gould keep a Camslc sn bread Cor monthv. fhat gan cou haje? Rsje entrsev? i had vsG when i wav Fuvt twelje cearv old. xhatv not her Cault, i vac. Ko, stv no onev Cault. Uuvt the wac st sv, vacv Iale. Hadyev Cage hav begome gloved oCC.

Ehe putv the monec Cor the berrsev sn mc hand. Iood lugk, Tatnsvv. Oou, too, i vac, and the door glovev. fe walk toward the Eeam sn vslenge. i dont lske that Iale took a dsy at Hadye, but hev rsyht, oC gourve. xhe reapsny vcvtem sv unCasr, wsth the poor yettsny the worvt oC st. Oou begome elsysble Cor the reapsny the dac cou turn twelje. xhat cear, cour name sv entered onge. At thsrteen, twsge. And vo on and vo on untsl cou reagh the aye oC esyhteen, the Csnal cear oC elsysbslstc, when cour name yoev snto the pool vejen tsmev. xhatv true Cor ejerc gstsMen sn all twelje dsvtrsgtv sn the entsre gountrc oC zanem. Dut herev the gatgh. Eac cou are poor and vtarjsny av we were. Oou gan opt to add cour name more tsmev sn eGghanye Cor tevverae. Pagh tevvera sv worth a meayer cearv vupplc oC yrasn and osl Cor one pervon. Oou mac do thsv Cor eagh oC cour Camslc memberv av well. Eo, at the aye oC twelje, i had mc name entered Cour tsmev. Lnge, begauve i had to, and three tsmev Cor tevverae Cor yrasn and osl Cor mcvelC, zrsm, and mc mother. in Cagt, ejerc cear i haje needed to do thsv. And the entrsev are gumulatsje. Eo now, at the aye oC vsGteen, mc name wsll be sn the

reapsny twentc tsmev. Iale, who sv esyhteen and hav been esther helpsny or vsnyle-handedlc Ceedsny a Camslc oC Csje Cor vejen cearv, wsll haje hsv name sn Cortc-two tsmev. Oou gan vee whc vomeone lske Hadye, who hav nejer been at rsvk oC needsny a tevvera, gan vet hsm oCC. xhe ghange oC her name besny drawn sv jerc vlsm gompared to thove oC uv who lsje sn the Eeam. Kot smpovvsble, but vlsm. And ejen thouyh the rulev were vet up bc the Bapstol, not the dsvtrsgtv, gertasnlc not Hadyev Camslc, stv hard not to revent thove who dont haje to vsyn up Cor tevverae. Iale knowv hsv anyer at Hadye sv msvdsregted. Ln other dacv, deep sn the woodv, ije lsvtened to hsm rant about how the tevverae are Fuvt another tool to gauve msverc sn our dsvtrsgt. A wac to plant hatred between the vtarjsny workerv oC the Eeam and thove who gan yenerallc gount on vupper and therebc envure we wsll nejer truvt one another. itv to the Bapstolv adjantaye to haje uv dsjsded amony ourveljev, he msyht vac sC there were no earv to hear but msne. iC st wavnt reapsny dac. iC a ysrl wsth a yold psn and no tevverae had not made what im vure vhe thouyht wav a harmlevv gomment. Av we walk, i ylange ojer at Ialev Cage, vtsll vmoldersny underneath hsv vtonc eGprevvson. qsv rayev veem posntlevv to me, althouyh i nejer vac vo. itv not that i dont ayree wsth hsm. i do. Dut what yood sv cellsny about the Bapstol sn the msddle oC the woodv? it doevnt ghanye ancthsny. it doevnt make thsnyv Casr. it doevnt Csll our vtomaghv. in Cagt, st vgarev oCC the nearbc yame. i let hsm cell thouyh. Detter he doev st sn the woodv than sn the dsvtrsgt. Iale and i dsjsde our vposlv, leajsny two Csvh, a gouple oC loajev oC yood bread, yreenv, a Nuart oC vtrawberrsev, valt, paraCCsn, and a bst oC monec Cor eagh. Eee cou sn the vNuare, i vac. fear vomethsny

prettc, he vacv Clatlc. At home, i Csnd mc mother and vsvter are readc to yo. Hc mother wearv a Csne drevv Crom her apothegarc dacv. zrsm sv sn mc Csrvt reapsny outCst, a vksrt and ruCCled blouve. itv a bst bsy on her, but mc mother hav made st vtac wsth psnv. Pjen vo, vhev hajsny trouble keepsny the blouve tugked sn at the bagk. A tub oC warm water wastv Cor me. i vgrub oCC the dsrt and vweat Crom the woodv and ejen wavh mc hasr. xo mc vurprsve, mc mother hav lasd out one oC her own lojelc drevvev Cor me. A voCt blue thsny wsth matghsny vhoev. Are cou vure? i avk. im trcsny to yet pavt reFegtsny oCCerv oC help Crom her. Ror a whsle, i wav vo anyrc, i wouldnt allow her to do ancthsny Cor me. And thsv sv vomethsny vpegsal. qer glothev Crom her

pavt are jerc pregsouv to her. LC gourve. Setv put cour hasr up, too, vhe vacv. i let her towel-drc st and brasd st up on mc head. i gan hardlc regoynsMe mcvelC sn the gragked msrror that leanv ayasnvt the wall. Oou look beautsCul, vacv zrsm sn a huvhed josge. And nothsny lske mcvelC, i vac. i huy her, begauve i know theve neGt Cew hourv wsll be terrsble Cor her. qer Csrvt reapsny. Ehev about av vaCe av cou gan yet, vsnge vhev onlc entered onge. i wouldnt let her take out anc tevverae. Dut vhev worrsed about me. xhat the unthsnkable msyht happen. i protegt zrsm sn ejerc wac i gan, but im powerlevv ayasnvt the reapsny. xhe anyusvh i alwacv Ceel when vhev sn pasn wellv up sn mc ghevt and threatenv to reysvter on mc (age. i notsge her blouve hav pulled out oC her vksrt sn the bagk ayasn and Corge mcvelC to vtac galm. xugk cour tasl sn, lsttle dugk, i vac, vmoothsny the blouve bagk sn plage. zrsm ysyylev and ysjev me a vmall Xuagk. Xuagk courvelC, i vac wsth a lsyht lauyh. xhe ksnd onlc zrsm gan draw out oC me. Bome on, letv eat, i vac and plant a Nusgk ksvv on the top oC her head. xhe Csvh and yreenv are alreadc gooksny sn a vtew, but that wsll be Cor vupper. fe degsde to vaje the vtrawberrsev and bakerc bread Cor thsv ejensnyv meal, to make st vpegsal we vac. invtead we drsnk mslk Crom zrsmv yoat, Sadc, and eat the rouyh bread made Crom the tevvera yrasn, althouyh no one hav mugh appetste ancwac. At one oglogk, we head Cor the vNuare. Attendange sv mandatorc unlevv cou are on deathv door. xhsv ejensny, oCCsgsalv wsll gome around and ghegk to vee sC thsv sv the gave. iC not, coull be smprsvoned. itv too bad, reallc, that thec hold the reapsny sn the vNuare one oC the Cew plagev sn Jsvtrsgt 12 that gan be pleavant. xhe vNuarev vurrounded bc vhopv, and on publsg market dacv, evpegsallc sC therev yood weather, st hav a holsdac Ceel to st. Dut todac, devpste the brsyht bannerv hanysny on the busldsnyv, therev an asr oC yrsmnevv. xhe gamera grewv, perghed lske buMMardv on rooCtopv, onlc add to the eCCegt. zeople Csle sn vslentlc and vsyn sn. xhe reapsny sv a yood opportunstc Cor the Bapstol to keep tabv on the populatson av well. xwelje- throuyh esyhteen-cear-oldv are herded snto roped areav marked oCC bc ayev, the

oldevt sn the Cront, the couny onev, lske zrsm, toward the bagk. Ramslc memberv lsne up around the persmeter, holdsny tsyhtlc to one anotherv handv. Dut there are otherv, too, who haje no one thec loje at vtake, or who no lonyer gare, who vlsp amony the growd, taksny betv on the two ksdv whove namev wsll be drawn. Lddv are

ysjen on thesr ayev, whether thecre Eeam or merghant, sC thec wsll break down and weep. Hovt reCuve dealsny wsth the ragketeerv but gareCullc, gareCullc. xheve vame people tend to be snCormerv, and who havnt broken the law? i gould be vhot on a daslc bavsv Cor huntsny, but the appetstev oC thove sn gharye protegt me. Kot ejercone gan glasm the vame. Ancwac, Iale and i ayree that sC we haje to ghoove between dcsny oC hunyer and a bullet sn the head, the bullet would be mugh Nusgker. xhe vpage yetv tsyhter, more glauvtrophobsg av people arrsje. xhe vNuarev Nuste larye, but not enouyh to hold Jsvtrsgt 12v populatson oC about esyht thouvand. Sategomerv are dsregted to the adFagent vtreetv, where thec gan watgh the ejent on vgreenv av stv telejsved lsje bc the vtate. i Csnd mcvelC vtandsny sn a glump oC vsGteenv Crom the Eeam. fe all eGghanye terve nodv then Coguv our attentson on the temporarc vtaye that sv vet up beCore the Uuvtsge Dusldsny. it holdv three ghasrv, a podsum, and two larye ylavv ballv, one Cor the bocv and one Cor the ysrlv. i vtare at the paper vlspv sn the ysrlv ball. xwentc oC them haje Tatnsvv Pjerdeen wrstten on them sn gareCul handwrstsny. xwo oC the three ghasrv Csll wsth Hadyev Cather, Hacor Vndervee, whov a tall, baldsny man, and PCCse xrsnket, Jsvtrsgt 12v evgort, Crevh Crom the Bapstol wsth her vgarc whste yrsn, psnksvh hasr, and vprsny yreen vust. xhec murmur to eagh other and then look wsth gongern at the emptc veat. Uuvt av the town glogk vtrskev two, the macor vtepv up to the podsum and beysnv to read. itv the vame vtorc ejerc cear. qe tellv oC the hsvtorc oC zanem, the gountrc that rove up out oC the avhev oC a plage that wav onge galled Korth Amersga. qe lsvtv the dsvavterv, the drouyhtv, the vtormv, the Csrev, the engroaghsny veav that vwallowed up vo mugh oC the land, the brutal war Cor what lsttle vuvtenange remasned. xhe revult wav zanem, a vhsnsny Bapstol rsnyed bc thsrteen dsvtrsgtv, whsgh brouyht peage and provperstc to stv gstsMenv. xhen game the Jark Jacv, the uprsvsny oC the dsvtrsgtv ayasnvt the Bapstol. xwelje were deCeated, the thsrteenth oblsterated. xhe xreatc oC xreavon yaje uv the new lawv to yuarantee peage and, av our cearlc remsnder that the Jark Jacv muvt nejer be repeated, st yaje uv the qunyer Iamev. xhe rulev oC the qunyer Iamev are vsmple. in punsvhment Cor the uprsvsny, eagh oC the twelje dsvtrsgtv muvt projsde one ysrl and one boc, galled trsbutev, to partsgspate. xhe twentc-Cour trsbutev wsll be smprsvoned sn a javt outdoor arena that gould hold ancthsny Crom a burnsny devert to a CroMen wavteland. Ljer a persod oC vejeral weekv, the gompetstorv muvt Csyht to the death.

xhe lavt trsbute vtandsny wsnv. xaksny the ksdv Crom our dsvtrsgtv, Corgsny them to ksll one another whsle we watgh thsv sv the Bapstolv wac oC remsndsny uv how totallc we are at thesr mergc. qow lsttle ghange we would vtand oC vurjsjsny another rebellson. fhatejer wordv thec uve, the real mevvaye sv glear. Sook how we take cour ghsldren and vagrsCsge them and therev nothsny cou gan do. iC cou lsCt a Csnyer, we wsll devtroc ejerc lavt one oC cou. Uuvt av we dsd sn Jsvtrsgt xhsrteen. xo make st humslsatsny av well av torturouv, the Bapstol reNusrev uv to treat the qunyer Iamev av a Cevtsjstc, a vportsny ejent psttsny ejerc dsvtrsgt ayasnvt the otherv. xhe lavt trsbute alsje regesjev a lsCe oC eave bagk home, and thesr dsvtrsgt wsll be vhowered wsth prsMev, laryelc gonvsvtsny oC Cood. All cear, the Bapstol wsll vhow the wsnnsny dsvtrsgt ysCtv oC yrasn and osl and ejen delsgagsev lske vuyar whsle the revt oC uv battle vtarjatson. it sv both a tsme Cor repentange and a tsme Cor thankv, sntonev the macor. xhen he readv the lsvt oC pavt Jsvtrsgt 12 jsgtorv. in vejentc-Cour cearv, we haje had eGagtlc two. Lnlc one sv vtsll alsje. qacmstgh Abernathc, a paunghc, msddle-ayed man, who at thsv moment appearv hollersny vomethsny unsntellsysble, vtayyerv onto the vtaye, and Callv snto the thsrd ghasr. qev drunk. Werc. xhe growd revpondv wsth stv token applauve, but hev gonCuved and trsev to ysje PCCse xrsnket a bsy huy, whsgh vhe barelc manayev to Cend oCC. xhe macor lookv dsvtrevved. Esnge all oC thsv sv besny telejsved, rsyht now Jsvtrsgt 12 sv the lauyhsnyvtogk oC zanem, and he knowv st. qe Nusgklc trsev to pull the attentson bagk to the reapsny bc sntrodugsny PCCse xrsnket. Drsyht and bubblc av ejer, PCCse xrsnket trotv to the podsum and ysjev her vsynature, qappc qunyer Iamev! And mac the oddv be ejer sn cour Cajor! qer psnk hasr muvt be a wsy begauve her gurlv haje vhsCted vlsyhtlc oCC-genter vsnge her engounter wsth qacmstgh. Ehe yoev on a bst about what an honor st sv to be here, althouyh ejercone knowv vhev Fuvt aghsny to yet bumped up to a better dsvtrsgt where thec haje proper jsgtorv, not drunkv who molevt cou sn Cront oC the entsre natson. xhrouyh the growd, i vpot Iale looksny bagk at me wsth a yhovt oC a vmsle. Av reapsnyv yo, thsv one at leavt hav a vlsyht entertasnment Cagtor. Dut vuddenlc i am thsnksny oC Iale and hsv Cortc-two namev sn that bsy ylavv ball and how the oddv are not sn hsv Cajor. Kot gompared to a lot oC the bocv. And macbe hev thsnksny the vame thsny about me begauve hsv Cage darkenv and he turnv awac. Dut there are vtsll thouvandv oC vlspv, i wsvh i gould whsvper to hsm. itv tsme Cor the drawsny. PCCse xrsnket vacv av vhe alwacv doev, Sadsev Csrvt! and grovvev to

the ylavv ball wsth the ysrlv namev. Ehe reaghev sn, dsyv her hand deep snto the ball, and pullv out a vlsp oC paper. xhe growd drawv sn a gollegtsje breath and then cou gan hear a psn drop, and im Ceelsny nauveouv and vo devperatelc hopsny that stv not me, that stv

not me, that stv not me. PCCse xrsnket grovvev bagk to the podsum, vmoothev the vlsp oC paper, and readv out the name sn a glear josge. And stv not me. itv zrsmrove Pjerdeen.

2.

Lne tsme, when i wav sn a blsnd sn a tree, wastsny motsonlevv Cor yame to wander bc, i doMed oCC and Cell ten Ceet to the yround, landsny on mc bagk. it wav av sC the smpagt had knogked ejerc wsvp oC asr Crom mc lunyv, and i lac there vtruyylsny to snhale, to eGhale, to do ancthsny. xhatv how i Ceel now, trcsny to remember how to breathe, unable to vpeak, totallc vtunned av the name boungev around the snvsde oC mc vkull. Eomeone sv yrsppsny mc arm, a boc Crom the Eeam, and i thsnk macbe i vtarted to Call and he gauyht me. xhere muvt haje been vome msvtake. xhsv gant be happensny. zrsm wav one vlsp oC paper sn thouvandv! qer ghangev oC besny ghoven vo remote that id not ejen bothered to worrc about her. qadnt i done ejercthsny? xaken the tevverae, reCuved to let her do the vame? Lne vlsp. Lne vlsp sn thouvandv. xhe oddv had been entsrelc sn her Cajor. Dut st hadnt mattered. Eomewhere Car awac, i gan hear the growd murmursny unhappslc av thec alwacv do when a twelje-cear-old yetv ghoven begauve no one thsnkv thsv sv Casr. And then i vee her, the blood drasned Crom her Cage, handv glenghed sn Csvtv at her vsdev, walksny wsth vtsCC, vmall vtepv up toward the vtaye, pavvsny me, and i vee the bagk oC her blouve hav begome untugked and hanyv out ojer her vksrt. itv thsv detasl, the untugked blouve Cormsny a dugktasl, that brsnyv me bagk to mcvelC. zrsm! xhe vtranyled grc gomev out oC mc throat, and mc muvglev beysn to moje ayasn. zrsm! i dont need to vhoje throuyh the growd. xhe other ksdv make wac smmedsatelc allowsny me a vtrasyht path to the vtaye. i reagh her Fuvt av vhe sv about to mount the vtepv. fsth one vweep oC mc arm, i puvh her behsnd me. i jolunteer! i yavp. i jolunteer av trsbute! xherev vome gonCuvson on the vtaye.

Jsvtrsgt 12 havnt had a jolunteer sn degadev and the protogol hav begome ruvtc. xhe rule sv that onge a trsbutev name hav been pulled Crom the ball, another elsysble boc, sC a bocv name hav been read, or ysrl, sC a ysrlv name hav been read, gan vtep Corward to take hsv or her plage. in vome dsvtrsgtv, sn whsgh wsnnsny the reapsny sv vugh a yreat honor, people are eayer to rsvk thesr lsjev, the jolunteersny sv gomplsgated. Dut sn Jsvtrsgt 12, where the word trsbute sv prettc mugh vcnoncmouv wsth the word gorpve, jolunteerv are all but eGtsngt. Sojelc! vacv PCCse xrsnket. Dut i belseje therev a vmall matter oC sntrodugsny the reapsny wsnner and then avksny Cor jolunteerv, and sC one doev gome Corth then we, um . . . Ehe traslv oCC, unvure hervelC. fhat doev st matter? vacv the macor. qev looksny at me wsth a pasned eGprevvson on hsv Cage. qe doevnt know me reallc, but therev a Casnt regoynstson there. i am the ysrl who brsnyv the vtrawberrsev. xhe ysrl hsv dauyhter msyht haje vpoken oC on oggavson. xhe ysrl who Csje cearv ayo vtood huddled wsth her mother and

vsvter, av he prevented her, the oldevt ghsld, wsth a medal oC jalor. A medal Cor her Cather, japorsMed sn the msnev. Joev he remember that? fhat doev st matter? he repeatv yruCClc. Set her gome Corward. zrsm sv vgreamsny hcvtersgallc behsnd me. Ehev wrapped her vksnnc armv around me lske a jsge. Ko, Tatnsvv! Ko! Oou gant yo! zrsm, let yo, i vac harvhlc, begauve thsv sv upvettsny me and i dont want to grc. fhen thec telejsve the replac oC the reapsnyv tonsyht, ejercone wsll make note oC mc tearv, and ill be marked av an eavc taryet. A weaklsny. i wsll ysje no one that vatsvCagtson. Set yo! i gan Ceel vomeone pullsny her Crom mc bagk. i turn and vee Iale hav lsCted zrsm oCC the yround and vhev thravhsny sn hsv armv. Vp cou yo, Batnsp, he vacv, sn a josge hev Csyhtsny to keep vteadc, and then he garrsev zrsm oCC toward mc mother. i vteel mcvelC and glsmb the vtepv. fell, brajo! yuvhev PCCse xrsnket. xhatv the vpsrst oC the Iamev! Ehev pleaved to Csnallc haje a dsvtrsgt wsth a lsttle agtson yosny on sn st. fhatv cour name? i vwallow hard. Tatnsvv Pjerdeen, i vac. i bet mc buttonv that wav cour vsvter. Jont want her to vteal all the ylorc, do we? Bome on, ejercbodc! Setv ysje a bsy round oC applauve to our newevt trsbute! trsllv PCCse xrsnket. xo the ejerlavtsny gredst oC the people oC Jsvtrsgt 12, not one pervon glapv. Kot ejen the onev holdsny bettsny vlspv, the onev who are uvuallc becond garsny. zovvsblc begauve thec know me Crom the qob, or knew mc Cather, or haje engountered zrsm, who no

one gan help lojsny. Eo snvtead oC agknowledysny applauve, i vtand there unmojsny whsle thec take part sn the boldevt Corm oC dsvvent thec gan manaye. Eslenge. fhsgh vacv we do not ayree. fe do not gondone. All oC thsv sv wrony. xhen vomethsny uneGpegted happenv. At leavt, i dont eGpegt st begauve i dont thsnk oC Jsvtrsgt 12 av a plage that garev about me. Dut a vhsCt hav oggurred vsnge i vtepped up to take zrsmv plage, and now st veemv i haje begome vomeone pregsouv. At Csrvt one, then another, then almovt ejerc member oC the growd toughev the three msddle Csnyerv oC thesr leCt hand to thesr lspv and holdv st out to me. it sv an old and rarelc uved yevture oC our dsvtrsgt, oggavsonallc veen at Cuneralv. it meanv thankv, st meanv admsratson, st meanv yood-bce to vomeone cou loje. Kow i am trulc sn danyer oC grcsny, but Cortunatelc qacmstgh ghoovev thsv tsme to gome vtayyersny agrovv the vtaye to gonyratulate me. Sook at her. Sook at thsv one! he hollerv, throwsny an arm around mc vhoulderv. qev vurprsvsnylc vtrony Cor vugh a wregk. i lske her! qsv breath reekv oC lsNuor and stv been a lony tsme vsnge hev bathed. Sotv oC . . . qe gant thsnk oC the word Cor a whsle. Epunk! he vacv trsumphantlc. Hore than cou! he releavev me and vtartv Cor the Cront oC the vtaye. Hore than cou! he vhoutv, posntsny dsregtlc snto a

gamera. iv he addrevvsny the audsenge or sv he vo drunk he msyht agtuallc be tauntsny the Bapstol? ill nejer know begauve Fuvt av hev opensny hsv mouth

to gontsnue, qacmstgh plummetv oCC the vtaye and knogkv hsmvelC ungonvgsouv. qev dsvyuvtsny, but im yrateCul. fsth ejerc gamera yleeCullc trasned on hsm, i haje Fuvt enouyh tsme to releave the vmall, ghoked vound sn mc throat and gompove mcvelC. i put mc handv behsnd mc bagk and vtare snto the dsvtange. i gan vee the hsllv i glsmbed thsv mornsny wsth Iale. Ror a moment, i cearn Cor vomethsny . . . xhe sdea oC uv leajsny the dsvtrsgt . . . Haksny our wac sn the woodv . . . Dut i know i wav rsyht about not runnsny oCC. Degauve who elve would haje jolunteered Cor zrsm? qacmstgh sv whsvked awac on a vtretgher, and PCCse xrsnket sv trcsny to yet the ball rollsny ayasn. fhat an eGgstsny dac! vhe warblev av vhe attemptv to vtrasyhten her wsy, whsgh hav lsvted vejerelc to the rsyht. Dut more eGgstement to gome! itv tsme to ghoove our boc trsbute! Blearlc hopsny to gontasn her tenuouv hasr vstuatson, vhe plantv one hand on her head av vhe grovvev to the ball that gontasnv the bocv namev and yrabv the Csrvt vlsp vhe engounterv. Ehe Mspv bagk to the podsum, and i dont ejen haje tsme to wsvh

Cor Ialev vaCetc when vhev readsny the name. zeeta Hellark. zeeta Hellark! Lh, no, i thsnk. Kot hsm. Degauve i regoynsMe thsv name, althouyh i haje nejer vpoken dsregtlc to stv owner. zeeta Hellark. Ko, the oddv are not sn mc Cajor todac. i watgh hsm av he makev hsv wac toward the vtaye. Hedsum hesyht, vtogkc busld, avhc blond hasr that Callv sn wajev ojer hsv Corehead. xhe vhogk oC the moment sv reysvtersny on hsv Cage, cou gan vee hsv vtruyyle to remasn emotsonlevv, but hsv blue ecev vhow the alarm ije veen vo oCten sn prec. Oet he glsmbv vteadslc onto the vtaye and takev hsv plage. PCCse xrsnket avkv Cor jolunteerv, but no one vtepv Corward. qe hav two older brotherv, i know, ije veen them sn the bakerc, but one sv probablc too old now to jolunteer and the other wont. xhsv sv vtandard. Ramslc dejotson onlc yoev vo Car Cor movt people on reapsny dac. fhat i dsd wav the radsgal thsny. xhe macor beysnv to read the lony, dull xreatc oC xreavon av he doev ejerc cear at thsv posnt stv reNusred but im not lsvtensny to a word. fhc hsm? i thsnk. xhen i trc to gonjsnge mcvelC st doevnt matter. zeeta Hellark and i are not Crsendv. Kot ejen nesyhborv. fe dont vpeak. Lur onlc real snteragtson happened cearv ayo. qev probablc Coryotten st. Dut i hajent and i know i nejer wsll. . . . it wav dursny the worvt tsme. Hc Cather had been

kslled sn the msne aggsdent three monthv earlser sn the bstterevt Uanuarc ancone gould remember. xhe numbnevv oC hsv lovv had pavved, and the pasn would hst me out oC nowhere, doublsny me ojer, ragksny mc bodc wsth vobv. fhere are cou? i would grc out sn mc msnd. fhere haje cou yone? LC gourve, there wav nejer anc anvwer. xhe dsvtrsgt had ysjen uv a vmall amount oC monec av gompenvatson Cor hsv death, enouyh to gojer one month oC yrsejsny at whsgh tsme mc mother would be eGpegted to yet a Fob. Lnlc vhe dsdnt. Ehe dsdnt do ancthsny but vst propped up sn a

ghasr or, more oCten, huddled under the blanketv on her bed, ecev CsGed on vome posnt sn the dsvtange. Lnge sn a whsle, vhed vtsr, yet up av sC mojed bc vome uryent purpove, onlc to then gollapve bagk snto vtsllnevv. Ko amount oC pleadsny Crom zrsm veemed to aCCegt her. i wav terrsCsed. i vuppove now that mc mother wav logked sn vome dark world oC vadnevv, but at the tsme, all i knew wav that i had lovt not onlc a Cather, but a mother av well. At elejen cearv old, wsth zrsm Fuvt vejen, i took ojer av head oC the Camslc. xhere wav no ghosge. i bouyht our Cood at the market and gooked st av bevt i gould and trsed to keep zrsm and mcvelC looksny preventable.

Degauve sC st had begome known that mc mother gould no lonyer gare Cor uv, the dsvtrsgt would haje taken uv awac Crom her and plaged uv sn the gommunstc home. id yrown up veesny thove home ksdv at vghool. xhe vadnevv, the markv oC anyrc handv on thesr Cagev, the hopelevvnevv that gurled thesr vhoulderv Corward. i gould nejer let that happen to zrsm. Eweet, tsnc zrsm who grsed when i grsed beCore vhe ejen knew the reavon, who bruvhed and plasted mc motherv hasr beCore we leCt Cor vghool, who vtsll polsvhed mc Catherv vhajsny msrror eagh nsyht begauve hed hated the lacer oC goal duvt that vettled on ejercthsny sn the Eeam. xhe gommunstc home would gruvh her lske a buy. Eo i kept our predsgament a vegret. Dut the monec ran out and we were vlowlc vtarjsny to death. xherev no other wac to put st. i kept tellsny mcvelC sC i gould onlc hold out untsl Hac, Fuvt Hac 8th, i would turn twelje and be able to vsyn up Cor the tevverae and yet that pregsouv yrasn and osl to Ceed uv. Lnlc there were vtsll vejeral weekv to yo. fe gould well be dead bc then. Etarjatsonv not an ungommon Cate sn Jsvtrsgt 12. fho havnt veen the jsgtsmv? Llder people who gant work. Bhsldren Crom a Camslc wsth too manc to Ceed. xhove snFured sn the msnev. Etrayylsny throuyh the vtreetv. And one dac, cou gome upon them vsttsny motsonlevv ayasnvt a wall or

lcsny sn the Headow, cou hear the waslv Crom a houve, and the zeagekeeperv are galled sn to retrseje the bodc. Etarjatson sv nejer the gauve oC death oCCsgsallc. itv alwacv the Clu, or eGpovure, or pneumonsa. Dut that Coolv no one. Ln the aCternoon oC mc engounter wsth zeeta Hellark, the rasn wav Callsny sn relentlevv sgc vheetv. i had been sn town, trcsny to trade vome threadbare old babc glothev oC zrsmv sn the publsg market, but there were no takerv. Althouyh i had been to the qob on vejeral oggavsonv wsth mc Cather, i wav too Crsyhtened to jenture snto that rouyh, yrsttc plage alone. xhe rasn had voaked throuyh mc Catherv huntsny Fagket, leajsny me ghslled to the bone. Ror three dacv, wed had nothsny but bosled water wsth vome old drsed msnt leajev id Cound sn the bagk oC a gupboard. Dc the tsme the market gloved, i wav vhaksny vo hard i dropped mc bundle oC babc glothev sn a mud puddle. i dsdnt psgk st up Cor Cear i would keel ojer and be unable to reyasn mc Ceet. Devsdev, no one

wanted thove glothev. i gouldnt yo home. Degauve at home wav mc mother wsth her dead ecev and mc lsttle vsvter, wsth her hollow gheekv and gragked lspv. i gouldnt walk snto that room wsth the vmokc Csre Crom the damp branghev i had vgajenyed at

the edye oC the woodv aCter the goal had run out, mc bandv emptc oC anc hope. i Cound mcvelC vtumblsny alony a muddc lane behsnd the vhopv that verje the wealthsevt townvpeople. xhe merghantv lsje aboje thesr buvsnevvev, vo i wav evventsallc sn thesr bagkcardv. i remember the outlsnev oC yarden bedv not cet planted Cor the vprsny, a yoat or two sn a pen, one vodden doy tsed to a povt, hunghed deCeated sn the mugk. All Cormv oC vtealsny are Corbsdden sn Jsvtrsgt 12. zunsvhable bc death. Dut st grovved mc msnd that there msyht be vomethsny sn the travh bsnv, and thove were Casr yame. zerhapv a bone at the butgherv or rotted jeyetablev at the yrogerv, vomethsny no one but mc Camslc wav devperate enouyh to eat. VnCortunatelc, the bsnv had Fuvt been emptsed. fhen i pavved the bakerv, the vmell oC Crevh bread wav vo ojerwhelmsny i Celt dsMMc. xhe ojenv were sn the bagk, and a yolden ylow vpslled out the open kstghen door. i vtood mevmersMed bc the heat and the luvgsouv vgent untsl the rasn snterCered, runnsny stv sgc Csnyerv down mc bagk, Corgsny me bagk to lsCe. i lsCted the lsd to the bakerv travh bsn and Cound st vpotlevvlc, heartlevvlc bare. Euddenlc a josge wav vgreamsny at me and i looked up to vee the bakerv wsCe, tellsny me to moje on and dsd i want her to gall the zeagekeeperv and

how vsgk vhe wav oC hajsny thove bratv Crom the Eeam pawsny throuyh her travh. xhe wordv were uylc and i had no deCenve. Av i gareCullc replaged the lsd and bagked awac, i notsged hsm, a boc wsth blond hasr peersny out Crom behsnd hsv motherv bagk. id veen hsm at vghool. qe wav sn mc cear, but i dsdnt know hsv name. qe vtugk wsth the town ksdv, vo how would i? qsv mother went bagk snto the bakerc, yrumblsny, but he muvt haje been watghsny me av i made mc wac behsnd the pen that held thesr psy and leaned ayasnvt the Car vsde oC an old apple tree. xhe realsMatson that id haje nothsny to take home had Csnallc vunk sn. Hc kneev bugkled and i vlsd down the tree trunk to stv rootv. it wav too mugh. i wav too vsgk and weak and tsred, oh, vo tsred. Set them gall the zeagekeeperv and take uv to the gommunstc home, i thouyht. Lr better cet, let me dse rsyht here sn the rasn. xhere wav a glatter sn the bakerc and i heard the woman vgreamsny ayasn and the vound oC a blow, and i jayuelc wondered what wav yosny on. Reet vlovhed toward me throuyh the mud and i thouyht, itv her. Ehev gomsny to drsje me awac wsth a vtsgk. Dut st wavnt her. it wav the boc. in hsv armv, he garrsed two larye loajev oC bread that muvt haje Callen snto the Csre begauve the gruvtv were vgorghed blagk. qsv mother wav cellsny, Reed st to the psy, cou vtupsd greature!

fhc not? Ko one degent wsll buc burned bread! qe beyan to tear oCC ghunkv Crom the burned partv and

tovv them snto the trouyh, and the Cront bakerc bell runy and the mother dsvappeared to help a guvtomer. xhe boc nejer ejen ylanged mc wac, but i wav watghsny hsm. Degauve oC the bread, begauve oC the red weal that vtood out on hsv gheekbone. fhat had vhe hst hsm wsth? Hc parentv nejer hst uv. i gouldnt ejen smaysne st. xhe boc took one look bagk to the bakerc av sC ghegksny that the goavt wav glear, then, hsv attentson bagk on the psy, he threw a loaC oC bread sn mc dsregtson. xhe vegond Nusgklc Collowed, and he vlovhed bagk to the bakerc, glovsny the kstghen door tsyhtlc behsnd hsm. i vtared at the loajev sn dsvbelseC. xhec were Csne, perCegt reallc, eGgept Cor the burned areav. Jsd he mean Cor me to haje them? qe muvt haje. Degauve there thec were at mc Ceet. DeCore ancone gould wstnevv what had happened i vhojed the loajev up under mc vhsrt, wrapped the huntsny Fagket tsyhtlc about me, and walked vwsCtlc awac. xhe heat oC the bread burned snto mc vksn, but i glutghed st tsyhter, glsnysny to lsCe. Dc the tsme i reaghed home, the loajev had gooled vomewhat,

but the snvsdev were vtsll warm. fhen i dropped them on the table, zrsmv handv reaghed to tear oCC a ghunk, but i made her vst, Corged mc mother to Fosn uv at the table, and poured warm tea. i vgraped oCC the blagk vtuCC and vlsged the bread. fe ate an entsre loaC, vlsge bc vlsge. it wav yood heartc bread, Cslled wsth rasvsnv and nutv. i put mc glothev to drc at the Csre, grawled snto bed, and Cell snto a dreamlevv vleep. it dsdnt oggur to me untsl the neGt mornsny that the boc msyht haje burned the bread on purpove. Hsyht haje dropped the loajev snto the Clamev, knowsny st meant besny punsvhed, and then delsjered them to me. Dut i dsvmsvved thsv. it muvt haje been an aggsdent. fhc would he haje done st? qe dsdnt ejen know me. Etsll, Fuvt throwsny me the bread wav an enormouv ksndnevv that would haje vurelc revulted sn a beatsny sC dsvgojered. 1 gouldnt eGplasn hsv agtsonv. fe ate vlsgev oC bread Cor breakCavt and headed to vghool. it wav av sC vprsny had gome ojernsyht. farm vweet asr. RluCCc gloudv. At vghool, i pavved the boc sn the hall, hsv gheek had vwelled up and hsv ece had blagkened. qe wav wsth hsv Crsendv and dsdnt agknowledye me sn anc wac. Dut av i gollegted zrsm and vtarted Cor home that aCternoon, i Cound hsm vtarsny at me Crom agrovv the vghool card. Lur ecev met Cor onlc a vegond, then he turned hsv head

awac. i dropped mc yaMe, embarravved, and thatv when i vaw st. xhe Csrvt dandelson oC the cear. A bell went oCC sn mc head. i thouyht oC the hourv vpent sn the woodv wsth mc Cather and i knew how we were yosny to vurjsje. xo thsv dac, i gan nejer vhake the gonnegtson between thsv boc, zeeta Hellark, and the bread that yaje me hope, and the dandelson that remsnded me that i wav not doomed. And more than onge, i haje turned sn the vghool hallwac and gauyht hsv ecev trasned on me, onlc to Nusgklc Clst awac. i Ceel lske i owe hsm vomethsny, and i hate owsny people. Hacbe sC i

had thanked hsm at vome posnt, id be Ceelsny levv gonClsgted now. i thouyht about st a gouple oC tsmev, but the opportunstc nejer veemed to prevent stvelC. And now st nejer wsll. Degauve were yosny to be thrown snto an arena to Csyht to the death. PGagtlc how am i vuppoved to work sn a thank-cou sn there? Eomehow st Fuvt wont veem vsngere sC im trcsny to vlst hsv throat. xhe macor Csnsvhev the drearc xreatc oC xreavon and motsonv Cor zeeta and me to vhake handv. qsv are av volsd and warm av thove loajev oC bread. zeeta lookv me rsyht sn the ece and ysjev mc hand what i thsnk sv meant to be a reavvursny vNueeMe. Hacbe stv Fuvt a nerjouv vpavm. fe turn bagk to

Cage the growd av the anthem oC zanem placv. Lh, well, i thsnk. xhere wsll be twentc-Cour oC uv. Lddv are vomeone elve wsll ksll hsm beCore i do. LC gourve, the oddv haje not been jerc dependable oC late.

3.

xhe moment the anthem endv, we are taken snto guvtodc. i dont mean were handguCCed or ancthsny, but a yroup oC zeagekeeperv marghev uv throuyh the Cront door oC the Uuvtsge Dusldsny. Hacbe trsbutev haje trsed to evgape sn the pavt. ije nejer veen that happen thouyh. Lnge snvsde, im gondugted to a room and leCt alone. itv the rsghevt plage ije ejer been sn, wsth thsgk, deep garpetv and a jeljet gough and ghasrv. i know jeljet begauve mc mother hav a drevv wsth a gollar made oC the vtuCC. fhen i vst on the gough, i gant help runnsny mc Csnyerv ojer the Cabrsg repeatedlc. it helpv to galm me av i trc to prepare Cor the neGt hour. xhe tsme allotted Cor the trsbutev to vac yoodbce to thesr lojed onev. i gannot aCCord to yet upvet, to leaje thsv room wsth puCCc ecev and a red nove. Brcsny sv not an optson. xhere wsll be more

gamerav at the trasn vtatson. Hc vsvter and mc mother gome Csrvt. i reagh out to zrsmand vhe glsmbv on mc lap, her armv around mc negk, headon mc vhoulder, Fuvt lske vhe dsd when vhe wav a toddler. Hc mother vstv bevsde me and wrapv her armv around uv. Ror a Cew msnutev, we vac nothsny. xhen i vtart tellsny themall the thsnyv thec muvt remember to do, now that i wsll not be there to do them Cor them. zrsm sv not to take anc tevverae. xhec gan yet bc, sCthecre gareCul, on vellsny zrsmv yoat mslk and gheeve and the vmall apothegarc buvsnevv mc mother now runv Cor the people sn the Eeam. Iale wsll yet her the herbv vhe doevnt yrow hervelC, but vhe muvt be jerc gareCul to devgrsbe them begauve hev not av Camslsar wsth them av i am. qell alvo brsny them yame he and i made a pagt about thsv a cear or vo ayo and wsll probablc not avk Cor gompenvatson, but thec vhould thank hsm wsth vome ksnd oC trade, lske mslk or medsgsne. i dont bother vuyyevtsny zrsm learn to hunt. i trsed to teagh her a gouple oC tsmev and st wav dsvavtrouv. xhe woodv terrsCsed her, and whenejer i vhot vomethsny, vhed yet tearc and talk about how we msyht be able to heal st sC we yot st home voon enouyh. Dut vhe makev out well wsth her yoat, vo i gongentrate on that. fhen i am done wsth snvtrugtsonv about Cuel,


and tradsny, and vtacsny sn vghool, i turn to mc mother and yrsp her arm, hard. Ssvten to me. Are cou lsvtensny to me? Ehe nodv, alarmed bc mc sntenvstc. Ehe muvt know whatv gomsny. Oou gant leaje ayasn, i vac. Hc motherv ecev Csnd the Cloor. i know. i wont. i gouldnt help what fell, cou haje to help st thsv tsme. Oou gant glogk out and leaje zrsm on her own. xherev no me now to keep cou both alsje. it doevnt matter what happenv. fhatejer cou vee on the vgreen. Oou haje to promsve me coull Csyht throuyh st! Hc josge hav rsven to a vhout. in st sv all the anyer, all the Cear i Celt at her abandonment. Ehe pullv her arm Crom mc yravp, mojed to anyer hervelC now. i wav sll. i gould haje treated mcvelC sC id had the medsgsne i haje now. xhat part about her besny sll msyht be true. ije veen her brsny bagk people vuCCersny Crom smmobslsMsny vadnevv vsnge. zerhapv st sv a vsgknevv, but stv one we gant aCCord. xhen take st. And take gare oC her! i vac. ill be all rsyht, Tatnsvv, vacv zrsm, glavpsny mc Cage sn her handv. Dut cou haje to take gare, too. Ooure vo Cavt and braje. Hacbe cou gan wsn. i gant wsn. zrsm muvt know that sn her heart. xhe gompetstson wsll be Car becond mc abslstsev. Tsdv Crom wealthser dsvtrsgtv, where wsnnsny sv a huye honor, whoje been trasned thesr whole lsjev Cor thsv. Docv who are two to three tsmev mc vsMe. Isrlv

who know twentc dsCCerent wacv to ksll cou wsth a knsCe. Lh, therell be people lske me, too. zeople to weed out beCore the real Cun beysnv. Hacbe, i vac, begauve i gan hardlc tell mc mother to garrc on sC ije alreadc ysjen up mcvelC. Devsdev, st svnt sn mc nature to yo down wsthout a Csyht, ejen when thsnyv veem snvurmountable. xhen wed be rsgh av qacmstgh. i dont gare sC were rsgh. i Fuvt want cou to gome home. Oou wsll trc, wont cou? Qeallc, reallc trc? avkv zrsm. Qeallc, reallc trc. i vwear st, i vac. And i know, begauve oC zrsm, ill haje to. And then the zeagekeeper sv at the door, vsynalsny our tsme sv up, and were all huyysny one another vo hard st hurtv and all im vacsny sv i loje cou. i loje cou both. And thecre vacsny st bagk and then the zeagekeeper orderv them out and the door glovev. i burc mc head sn one oC the jeljet psllowv av sC thsv gan blogk the whole thsny out. Eomeone elve enterv the room, and when i look up, im vurprsved to vee stv the baker, zeeta Hellarkv Cather. i gant belseje hev gome to jsvst me. ACter all, ill be trcsny to ksll hsv von voon. Dut we do know eagh other a bst, and he knowv zrsm ejen better. fhen vhe vellv her yoat gheevev at the qob, vhe putv two oC them avsde Cor hsm and he ysjev her a yenerouv amount oC bread sn return. fe alwacv wast to trade wsth hsm when hsv wstgh oC a wsCe

svnt around begauve hev vo mugh nsger. i Ceel gertasn he would nejer haje hst hsv von the wac vhe dsd ojer the burned bread. Dut whc hav he gome to vee me? xhe baker vstv awkwardlc on the edye oC one oC the pluvh ghasrv. qev a bsy, broad-vhouldered man wsth burn vgarv Crom cearv at the ojenv. qe muvt

haje Fuvt vasd yoodbce to hsv von. qe pullv a whste paper pagkaye Crom hsv Fagket pogket and holdv st out to me. i open st and Csnd gooksev. xheve are a luGurc we gan nejer aCCord. xhank cou, i vac. xhe bakerv not a jerc talkatsje man sn the bevt oC tsmev, and todac he hav no wordv at all. i had vome oC cour bread thsv mornsny. Hc Crsend Iale yaje cou a vNusrrel Cor st. qe nodv, av sC remembersny the vNusrrel. Kot cour bevt trade, i vac. qe vhruyv av sC st gouldnt povvsblc matter. xhen i gant thsnk oC ancthsny elve, vo we vst sn vslenge untsl a zeagemaker vummonv hsm. qe rsvev and gouyhv to glear hsv throat. ill keep an ece on the lsttle ysrl. Hake vure vhev eatsny. i Ceel vome oC the prevvure sn mc ghevt lsyhten at hsv wordv. zeople deal wsth me, but thec are yenusnelc Cond oC zrsm. Hacbe there wsll be enouyh Condnevv to keep her alsje. Hc neGt yuevt sv alvo uneGpegted. Hadye walkv vtrasyht to me. Ehe sv not weepc

or ejavsje, snvtead therev an uryengc about her tone that vurprsvev me. xhec let cou wear one thsny Crom cour dsvtrsgt sn the arena. Lne thsny to remsnd cou oC home. fsll cou wear thsv? Ehe holdv out the gsrgular yold psn that wav on her drevv earlser. i hadnt pasd mugh attentson to st beCore, but now i vee stv a vmall bsrd sn Clsyht. Oour psn? i vac. fearsny a token Crom mc dsvtrsgt sv about the lavt thsny on mc msnd. qere, ill put st on cour drevv, all rsyht? Hadye doevnt wast Cor an anvwer, vhe Fuvt leanv sn and CsGev the bsrd to mc drevv. zromsve coull wear st snto the arena, Tatnsvv? vhe avkv. zromsve? Oev, i vac. Booksev. A psn. im yettsny all ksndv oC ysCtv todac. Hadye ysjev me one more. A ksvv on the gheek. xhen vhev yone and im leCt thsnksny that macbe Hadye reallc hav been mc Crsend all alony. Rsnallc, Iale sv here and macbe there sv nothsny romantsg between uv, but when he openv hsv armv i dont hevstate to yo snto them. qsv bodc sv Camslsar to me the wac st mojev, the vmell oC wood vmoke, ejen the vound oC hsv heart beatsny i know Crom Nuset momentv on a hunt but thsv sv the Csrvt tsme i reallc Ceel st, lean and hard-muvgled ayasnvt mc own. Ssvten, he vacv. Iettsny a knsCe vhould be prettc eavc, but couje yot to yet cour handv on a bow. xhatv cour bevt ghange. xhec dont alwacv haje bowv, i vac, thsnksny oC the

cear there were onlc horrsble vpsked magev that the trsbutev had to bludyeon one another to death wsth. xhen make one, vacv Iale. Pjen a weak bow sv better than no bow at all. i haje trsed gopcsny mc Catherv bowv wsth poor revultv. itv not that eavc. Pjen he had to vgrap hsv own work vometsmev. i dont ejen know sC therell be wood, i vac. Another cear, thec tovved ejercbodc snto a landvgape oC nothsny but boulderv and vand and vgruCCc buvhev. i partsgularlc hated that cear. Hanc gontevtantv were bstten bc jenomouv vnakev or went snvane Crom thsrvt. xherev almovt alwacv vome wood, Iale vacv. Esnge that cear halC oC them dsed oC gold. Kot mugh entertasnment sn that. itv true. fe vpent one qunyer Iamev watghsny the

placerv CreeMe to death at nsyht. Oou gould hardlc vee them begauve thec were Fuvt huddled sn ballv and had no wood Cor Csrev or torghev or ancthsny. it wav gonvsdered jerc ants-glsmagtsg sn the Bapstol, all thove Nuset, bloodlevv deathv. Esnge then, therev uvuallc been wood to make Csrev. Oev, therev uvuallc vome, i vac. Tatnsvv, stv Fuvt huntsny. Ooure the bevt hunter i know, vacv Iale. itv not Fuvt huntsny. xhecre armed. xhec thsnk, i vac. Eo do cou. And couje had more pragtsge. Qeal

pragtsge, he vacv. Oou know how to ksll. Kot people, i vac. qow dsCCerent gan st be, reallc? vacv Iale yrsmlc. xhe awCul thsny sv that sC i gan Coryet thecre people, st wsll be no dsCCerent at all. xhe zeagekeeperv are bagk too voon and Iale avkv Cor more tsme, but thecre taksny hsm awac and i vtart to pansg. Jont let them vtarje! i grc out, glsnysny to hsv hand. i wont! Oou know i wont! Tatnsvv, remember i he vacv, and thec cank uv apart and vlam the door and ill nejer know what st wav he wanted me to remember. itv a vhort rsde Crom the Uuvtsge Dusldsny to the trasn vtatson. ije nejer been sn a gar beCore. Qarelc ejen rsdden sn wayonv. in the Eeam, we trajel on Coot. ije been rsyht not to grc. xhe vtatson sv vwarmsny wsth reporterv wsth thesr snvegtlske gamerav trasned dsregtlc on mc Cage. Dut ije had a lot oC pragtsge at wspsny mc Cage glean oC emotsonv and i do thsv now. i gatgh a ylsmpve oC mcvelC on the telejsvson vgreen on the wall thatv asrsny mc arrsjal lsje and Ceel yratsCsed that i appear almovt bored. zeeta Hellark, on the other hand, hav objsouvlc been grcsny and snterevtsnylc enouyh doev not veem to be trcsny to gojer st up. i smmedsatelc wonder sC thsv wsll be hsv vtrateyc sn the Iamev. xo appear weak and Crsyhtened, to reavvure the other trsbutev that he sv no gompetstson at all, and then gome out Csyhtsny. xhsv worked jerc

well Cor a ysrl, Uohanna Havon, Crom Jsvtrsgt 7 a Cew cearv bagk. Ehe veemed lske vugh a vnsjelsny, gowardlc Cool that no one bothered about her untsl there were onlc a handCul oC gontevtantv leCt. it turned out vhe gould ksll jsgsouvlc. zrettc glejer, the wac vhe placed st. Dut thsv veemv an odd vtrateyc Cor zeeta Hellark begauve hev a bakerv von. All thove cearv oC hajsny enouyh to eat and haulsny bread tracv around haje made hsm broad-vhouldered and vtrony. it wsll take an awCul lot oC weepsny to gonjsnge ancone to ojerlook hsm. fe haje to vtand Cor a Cew msnutev sn the doorwac oC the trasn whsle the gamerav yobble up our smayev, then were allowed snvsde and the doorv glove mergsCullc behsnd uv. xhe trasn beysnv to moje at onge. xhe vpeed snstsallc takev mc breath awac. LC gourve, ije nejer been on a trasn, av trajel between the dsvtrsgtv sv Corbsdden eGgept Cor oCCsgsallc vangtsoned dutsev. Ror uv, thatv masnlc tranvportsny goal. Dut thsv sv no ordsnarc goal trasn. itv one oC the hsyh-vpeed Bapstol modelv that ajeraye 250 mslev per hour. Lur Fournec to the Bapstol wsll take levv than a dac. in vghool, thec tell uv the Bapstol

wav buslt sn a plage onge galled the Qogksev. Jsvtrsgt 12 wav sn a reyson known sv

Appalaghsa. Pjen hundredv oC cearv ayo, thec msned goal here. fhsgh sv whc our msnerv haje to dsy vo deep. Eomehow st all gomev bagk to goal at vghool. Devsdev bavsg readsny and math movt oC our snvtrugtson sv goal-related. PGgept Cor the weeklc legture on the hsvtorc oC zanem. itv movtlc a lot oC blather about what we owe the Bapstol. i know there muvt be more than thecre tellsny uv, an agtual aggount oC what happened dursny the rebellson. Dut i dont vpend mugh tsme thsnksny about st. fhatejer the truth sv, i dont vee how st wsll help me yet Cood on the table. xhe trsbute trasn sv Cangser than ejen the room sn the Uuvtsge Dusldsny. fe are eagh ysjen our own ghamberv that haje a bedroom, a drevvsny area, and a prsjate bathroom wsth hot and gold runnsny water. fe dont haje hot water at home, unlevv we bosl st. xhere are drawerv Cslled wsth Csne glothev, and PCCse xrsnket tellv me to do ancthsny i want, wear ancthsny i want, ejercthsny sv at mc dsvpoval. Uuvt be readc Cor vupper sn an hour. i peel oCC mc motherv blue drevv and take a hot vhower. ije nejer had a vhower beCore. itv lske besny sn a vummer rasn, onlc warmer. i drevv sn a dark yreen vhsrt and pantv. At the lavt msnute, i remember Hadyev lsttle yold psn. Ror the Csrvt tsme, i yet a yood look at st. itv av sC vomeone Cavhsoned a vmall yolden bsrd and then attaghed a rsny

around st. xhe bsrd sv gonnegted to the rsny onlc bc stv wsny tspv. i vuddenlc regoynsMe st. A mogksny Fac. xhecre Cunnc bsrdv and vomethsny oC a vlap sn the Cage to the Bapstol. Jursny the rebellson, the Bapstol bred a versev oC yenetsgallc altered ansmalv av weaponv. xhe gommon term Cor them wav muttatsonv, or vometsmev muttv Cor vhort. Lne wav a vpegsal bsrd galled a Fabber Fac that had the abslstc to memorsMe and repeat whole human gonjervatsonv. xhec were homsny bsrdv, eGgluvsjelc male, that were releaved snto reysonv where the Bapstolv enemsev were known to be hsdsny. ACter the bsrdv yathered wordv, thecd Clc bagk to genterv to be regorded. it took people awhsle to realsMe what wav yosny on sn the dsvtrsgtv, how prsjate gonjervatsonv were besny tranvmstted. xhen, oC gourve, the rebelv Ced the Bapstol endlevv lsev, and the Foke wav on st. Eo the genterv were vhut down and the bsrdv were abandoned to dse oCC sn the wsld. Lnlc thec dsdnt dse oCC. invtead, the Fabber Facv mated wsth Cemale mogksnybsrdv greatsny a whole new vpegsev that gould replsgate both bsrd whsvtlev and human melodsev. xhec had lovt the abslstc to enungsate wordv but gould vtsll msmsg a ranye oC human jogal voundv, Crom a ghsldv hsyh-pstghed warble to a manv deep tonev. And thec gould re-greate vonyv. Kot Fuvt a Cew notev, but whole vonyv

wsth multsple jervev, sC cou had the patsenge to vsny them and sC thec lsked cour josge. Hc Cather wav partsgularlc Cond oC mogksnyFacv. fhen we went huntsny, he would whsvtle or vsny gomplsgated vonyv to them and, aCter a polste

pauve, thecd alwacv vsny bagk. Kot ejercone sv treated wsth vugh revpegt. Dut whenejer mc Cather vany, all the bsrdv sn the area would Call vslent and lsvten. qsv josge wav that beautsCul, hsyh and glear and vo Cslled wsth lsCe st made cou want to lauyh and grc at the vame tsme. i gould nejer brsny mcvelC to gontsnue the pragtsge aCter he wav yone. Etsll, therev vomethsny gomCortsny about the lsttle bsrd. itv lske hajsny a psege oC mc Cather wsth me, protegtsny me. i Cavten the psn onto mc vhsrt, and wsth the dark yreen Cabrsg av a bagkyround, i gan almovt smaysne the mogksnyFac Clcsny throuyh the treev. PCCse xrsnket gomev to gollegt me Cor vupper. i Collow her throuyh the narrow, rogksny gorrsdor snto a dsnsny room wsth polsvhed paneled wallv. xherev a table where all the dsvhev are hsyhlc breakable. zeeta Hellark vstv wastsny Cor uv, the ghasr neGt to hsm emptc. fherev qacmstgh? avkv PCCse xrsnket brsyhtlc. Savt tsme i vaw hsm, he vasd he wav yosny to take a nap, vacv zeeta. fell, stv been an

eGhauvtsny dac, vacv PCCse xrsnket. i thsnk vhev relsejed bc qacmstghv abvenge, and who gan blame her? xhe vupper gomev sn gourvev. A thsgk garrot voup, yreen valad, lamb ghopv and mavhed potatoev, gheeve and Crust, a ghogolate gake. xhrouyhout the meal, PCCse xrsnket keepv remsndsny uv to vaje vpage begauve therev more to gome. Dut im vtuCCsny mcvelC begauve ije nejer had Cood lske thsv, vo yood and vo mugh, and begauve probablc the bevt thsny i gan do between now and the Iamev sv put on a Cew poundv. At leavt, cou two haje degent mannerv, vacv PCCse av were Csnsvhsny the masn gourve. xhe pasr lavt cear ate ejercthsny wsth thesr handv lske a gouple oC vajayev. it gompletelc upvet mc dsyevtson. xhe pasr lavt cear were two ksdv Crom the Eeam whod nejer, not one dac oC thesr lsjev, had enouyh to eat. And when thec dsd haje Cood, table mannerv were vurelc the lavt thsny on thesr msndv. zeetav a bakerv von. Hc mother tauyht zrsm and i to eat properlc, vo cev, i gan handle a Cork and knsCe. Dut i hate PCCse xrsnketv gomment vo mugh i make a posnt oC eatsny the revt oC mc meal wsth mc Csnyerv. xhen i wspe mc handv on the tablegloth. xhsv makev her purve her lspv tsyhtlc toyether. Kow that the mealv ojer, im Csyhtsny to keep the Cood down. i gan vee zeetav looksny a lsttle yreen, too. Kesther oC our

vtomaghv sv uved to vugh rsgh Care. Dut sC i gan hold down Ireavc Eaev gongogtson oC msge meat, psy entraslv, and tree bark a wsnter vpegsaltc im determsned to hany on to thsv. fe yo to another gompartment to watgh the regap oC the reapsnyv agrovv zanem. xhec trc to vtayyer them throuyhout the dac vo a pervon gould gongesjablc watgh the whole thsny lsje, but onlc people sn the Bapstol gould reallc do that, vsnge none oC them haje to attend reapsnyv themveljev. Lne bc one, we vee the other reapsnyv, the namev galled, (the jolunteerv vteppsny Corward or, more oCten, not. fe eGamsne the Cagev oC the ksdv who wsll be our gompetstson. A Cew vtand out sn mc msnd. A

monvtrouv boc who lunyev Corward to jolunteer Crom Jsvtrsgt 2. A CoG-Caged ysrl wsth vleek red hasr Crom Jsvtrsgt 5. A boc wsth a grsppled Coot Crom Jsvtrsgt 10. And movt hauntsnylc, a twelje-cear-old ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 11. Ehe hav dark brown vksn and ecev, but other than that, vhev jerc lske zrsm sn vsMe and demeanor. Lnlc when vhe mountv the vtaye and thec avk Cor jolunteerv, all cou gan hear sv the wsnd whsvtlsny throuyh the degrepst busldsnyv around her. xherev no one wsllsny to take her plage. Savt oC all, thec vhow Jsvtrsgt 12. zrsm besny galled, me runnsny Corward to

jolunteer. Oou gant msvv the devperatson sn mc josge av i vhoje zrsm behsnd me, av sC im aCrasd no one wsll hear and thecll take zrsm awac. Dut, oC gourve, thec do hear. i vee Iale pullsny her oCC me and watgh mcvelC mount the vtaye. xhe gommentatorv are not vure what to vac about the growdv reCuval to applaud. xhe vslent valute. Lne vacv that Jsvtrsgt 12 hav alwacv been a bst bagkward but that logal guvtomv gan be gharmsny. Av sC on gue, qacmstgh Callv oCC the vtaye, and thec yroan gomsgallc. zeetav name sv drawn, and he Nusetlc takev hsv plage. fe vhake handv. xhec gut to the anthem ayasn, and the pro-yram endv. PCCse xrsnket sv dsvyruntled about the vtate her wsy wav sn. Oour mentor hav a lot to learn about preventatson. A lot about telejsved behajsor. zeeta uneGpegtedlc lauyhv. qe wav drunk, vacv zeeta. qev drunk ejerc cear. Pjerc dac, i add. i gant help vmsrksny a lsttle. PCCse xrsnket makev st vound lske qacmstgh Fuvt hav vomewhat rouyh mannerv that gould be gorregted wsth a Cew tspv Crom her. Oev, hsvvev PCCse xrsnket. qow odd cou two Csnd st amuvsny. Oou know cour mentor sv cour lsCelsne to the world sn theve Iamev. xhe one who adjsvev cou, lsnev up cour vponvorv, and dsgtatev the preventatson oC anc ysCtv. qacmstgh gan well be the dsCCerenge between cour lsCe and cour death! Uuvt then,

qacmstgh vtayyerv snto the gompartment. i msvv vupper? he vacv sn a vlurred josge. xhen he jomstv all ojer the eGpenvsje garpet and Callv sn the mevv. Eo lauyh awac! vacv PCCse xrsnket. Ehe hopv sn her posntc vhoev around the pool oC jomst and Cleev the room.

4.

Ror a Cew momentv, zeeta and i take sn the vgene oC our mentor trcsny to rsve out oC the vlspperc jsle vtuCC Crom hsv vtomagh. xhe reek oC jomst and raw vpsrstv almovt brsnyv mc dsnner up. fe eGghanye a ylange. Lbjsouvlc qacmstgh svnt mugh, but PCCse xrsnket sv rsyht about one thsny, onge were sn the arena hev all weje yot. Av sC bc vome unvpoken ayreement, zeeta and i eagh take one oC qacmstghv armv and help hsm to hsv Ceet. i trspped? qacmstgh avkv. Emellv bad. qe wspev hsv hand on hsv nove, vmearsny hsv Cage wsth jomst. Setv yet cou bagk to cour room, vacv zeeta. Blean cou up a bst. fe halC-lead halC-garrc qacmstgh bagk to hsv gompartment. Esnge we gant eGagtlc vet hsm down on the embrosdered bedvpread, we haul hsm snto the bathtub

and turn the vhower on hsm. qe hardlc notsgev. itv okac, zeeta vacv to me. ill take st Crom here. i gant

help Ceelsny a lsttle yrateCul vsnge the lavt thsny i want to do sv vtrsp down qacmstgh, wavh the jomst out oC hsv ghevt hasr, and tugk hsm snto bed. zovvsblc zeeta sv trcsny to make a yood smprevvson on hsm, to be hsv Cajorste onge the Iamev beysn. Dut Fudysny bc the vtate hev sn, qacmstgh wsll haje no memorc oC thsv tomorrow. All rsyht, i vac. i gan vend one oC the Bapstol people to help cou. xherev anc number on the trasn. Booksny Cor uv. fastsny on uv. Iuardsny uv. xaksny gare oC uv sv thesr Fob. Ko. i dont want them, vacv zeeta. i nod and head to mc own room. i undervtand how zeeta Ceelv. i gant vtand the vsyht oC the Bapstol people mcvelC. Dut maksny them deal wsth qacmstgh msyht be a vmall Corm oC rejenye. Eo im pondersny the reavon whc he snvsvtv on taksny gare oC qacmstgh and all oC a vudden i thsnk, itv begauve hev besny ksnd. Uuvt av he wav ksnd to ysje me the bread. xhe sdea pullv me up vhort. A ksnd zeeta Hellark sv Car more danyerouv to me than an unksnd one. Tsnd people haje a wac oC worksny thesr wac snvsde me and rootsny there. And i gant let zeeta do thsv.

Kot where were yosny. Eo i degsde, Crom thsv moment on, to haje av lsttle av povvsble to do wsth the bakerv von. fhen i yet bagk to mc room, the trasn sv pauvsny at a platCorm to reCuel. i Nusgklc open the wsndow, tovv the gooksev zeetav Cather yaje me out oC the trasn, and vlam the ylavv vhut. Ko more. Ko more oC esther oC them. VnCortunatelc, the pagket oC gooksev hstv the yround and burvtv open sn a patgh oC dandelsonv bc the tragk. i onlc vee the smaye Cor a moment, begauve the trasn sv oCC ayasn, but stv enouyh. Pnouyh to remsnd me oC that other dandelson sn the vghool card cearv ayo . . . i had Fuvt turned awac Crom zeeta Hellarkv brusved Cage when i vaw the dandelson and i knew hope wavnt lovt. i plugked st gareCullc and hurrsed home. i yrabbed a bugket and zrsmv hand and headed to the Headow and cev, st wav dotted wsth the yolden-headed weedv. ACter wed harjevted thove, we vgrounyed alony snvsde the Cenge Cor probablc a msle untsl wed Cslled the bugket wsth the dandelson yreenv, vtemv, and Clowerv. xhat nsyht, we yoryed ourveljev on dandelson valad and the revt oC the bakerc bread. fhat elve? zrsm avked me. fhat other Cood gan we Csnd? All ksndv oC thsnyv, i promsved her. i Fuvt haje to remember them. Hc mother had a book vhed brouyht wsth her Crom the apothegarc vhop. xhe payev were

made oC old parghment and gojered sn snk drawsnyv oC plantv. Keat handwrstten blogkv told thesr namev, where to yather them, when thec game sn bloom, thesr medsgal uvev. Dut mc Cather added other entrsev to the book. zlantv Cor eatsny, not healsny. Jandelsonv, pokeweed, wsld onsonv, psnev. zrsm and i vpent the revt oC the nsyht porsny ojer thove payev. xhe neGt dac, we were oCC vghool. Ror a whsle i huny around the edyev oC the Headow, but Csnallc i worked up the gouraye to yo under the Cenge. it wav the Csrvt tsme id been there alone, wsthout mc Catherv weaponv to protegt me. Dut i

retrsejed the vmall bow and arrowv hed made me Crom a hollow tree. i probablc dsdnt yo more than twentc cardv snto the woodv that dac. Hovt oC the tsme, i perghed up sn the branghev oC an old oak, hopsny Cor yame to gome bc. ACter vejeral hourv, i had the yood lugk to ksll a rabbst. id vhot a Cew rabbstv beCore, wsth mc Catherv yusdange. Dut thsv id done on mc own. fe hadnt had meat sn monthv. xhe vsyht oC the rabbst veemed to vtsr vomethsny sn mc mother. Ehe rouved hervelC, vksnned the gargavv, and made a vtew wsth the meat and vome more yreenv zrsm had

yathered. xhen vhe agted gonCuved and went bagk to bed, but when the vtew wav done, we made her eat a bowl. xhe woodv begame our vajsor, and eagh dac i went a bst Carther snto stv armv. it wav vlow-yosny at Csrvt, but i wav determsned to Ceed uv. i vtole eyyv Crom nevtv, gauyht Csvh sn netv, vometsmev manayed to vhoot a vNusrrel or rabbst Cor vtew, and yathered the jarsouv plantv that vpruny up beneath mc Ceet. zlantv are trsgkc. Hanc are edsble, but one Calve mouthCul and coure dead. i ghegked and double-ghegked the plantv i harjevted wsth mc Catherv psgturev. i kept uv alsje. Anc vsyn oC danyer, a dsvtant howl, the sneGplsgable break oC a brangh, vent me Clcsny bagk to the Cenge at Csrvt. xhen i beyan to rsvk glsmbsny treev to evgape the wsld doyv that Nusgklc yot bored and mojed on. Dearv and gatv lsjed deeper sn, perhapv dsvlsksny the vootc reek oC our dsvtrsgt. Ln Hac 8th, i went to the Uuvtsge Dusldsny, vsyned up Cor mc tevverae, and pulled home mc Csrvt batgh oC yrasn and osl sn zrsmv toc wayon. Ln the esyhth oC ejerc month, i wav entstled to do the vame. i gouldnt vtop huntsny and yathersny, oC gourve. xhe yrasn wav not enouyh to lsje on, and there were other thsnyv to buc, voap and mslk and thread. fhat we dsdnt abvolutelc haje to eat, i beyan to trade at the qob. it wav Crsyhtensny to enter that plage wsthout mc

Cather at mc vsde, but people had revpegted hsm, and thec aggepted me. Iame wav yame aCter all, no matter whod vhot st. i alvo vold at the bagk doorv oC the wealthser glsentv sn town, trcsny to remember what mc Cather had told me and learnsny a Cew new trsgkv av well. xhe butgher would buc mc rabbstv but not vNusrrelv. xhe baker enFoced vNusrrel but would onlc trade Cor one sC hsv wsCe wavnt around. xhe qead zeagekeeper lojed wsld turkec. xhe macor had a pavvson Cor vtrawberrsev. in late vummer, i wav wavhsny up sn a pond when i notsged the plantv yrowsny around me. xall wsth leajev lske arrowheadv. Dlovvomv wsth three whste petalv. i knelt down sn the water, mc Csnyerv dsyysny snto the voCt mud, and i pulled up handCulv oC the rootv. Emall, blusvh tuberv that dont look lske mugh but bosled or baked are av yood av anc potato. Tatnsvv, i vasd aloud. itv the plant i wav named Cor. And i heard mc Catherv josge Foksny, Av lony av cou gan Csnd courvelC, coull nejer vtarje. i vpent hourv vtsrrsny up the pond bed wsth mc toev and a vtsgk, yathersny the tuberv that Cloated to the top.

xhat nsyht, we Ceavted on Csvh and Tatnsvv rootv untsl we were all, Cor the Csrvt

tsme sn monthv, Cull. Elowlc, mc mother returned to uv. Ehe beyan to glean and gook and preverje vome oC the Cood i brouyht sn Cor wsnter. zeople traded uv or pasd monec Cor her medsgal remedsev. Lne dac, i heard her vsnysny. zrsm wav thrslled to haje her bagk, but i kept watghsny, wastsny Cor her to dsvappear on uv ayasn. i dsdnt truvt her. And vome vmall ynarled plage snvsde me hated her Cor her weaknevv, Cor her neylegt, Cor the monthv vhe had put uv throuyh. zrsm Coryaje her, but i had taken a vtep bagk Crom mc mother, put up a wall to protegt mcvelC Crom needsny her, and nothsny wav ejer the vame between uv ayasn. Kow i wav yosny to dse wsthout that ejer besny vet rsyht. i thouyht oC how i had celled at her todac sn the Uuvtsge Dusldsny. i had told her i lojed her, too, thouyh. Eo macbe st would all balange out. Ror a whsle i vtand vtarsny out the trasn wsndow, wsvhsny i gould open st ayasn, but unvure oC what would happen at vugh hsyh vpeed. in the dsvtange, i vee the lsyhtv oC another dsvtrsgt. 7? 10? i dont know. i thsnk about the people sn thesr houvev, vettlsny sn Cor bed. i smaysne mc home, wsth stv vhutterv drawn tsyht. fhat are thec dosny now, mc mother and zrsm? fere thec able to eat vupper? xhe Csvh vtew and the vtrawberrsev? Lr dsd st lac untoughed on thesr platev? Jsd thec watgh the regap oC the dacv ejentv on the battered old xW that vstv on the table ayasnvt the wall? Eurelc, there were more tearv. iv mc mother holdsny up, besny vtrony Cor zrsm? Lr hav vhe alreadc vtarted to vlsp awac, leajsny the wesyht oC the world on mc vsvterv Craysle vhoulderv? zrsm wsll undoubtedlc vleep wsth mc mother tonsyht. xhe thouyht oC that vgruCCc old Duttergup povtsny hsmvelC on the bed to watgh ojer zrsm gomCortv me. iC vhe grsev, he wsll nove hsv wac snto her armv and gurl up there untsl vhe galmv down and Callv avleep. im vo ylad i dsdnt drown hsm. imaysnsny mc home makev me aghe wsth lonelsnevv. xhsv dac hav been endlevv. Bould Iale and i haje been eatsny blagkberrsev onlc thsv mornsny? it veemv lske a lsCetsme ayo. Sske a lony dream that detersorated snto a nsyhtmare. Hacbe, sC i yo to vleep, i wsll wake up bagk sn Jsvtrsgt 12, where i belony. zrobablc the drawerv hold anc number oC nsyhtyownv, but i Fuvt vtrsp oCC mc vhsrt and pantv and glsmb snto bed sn mc underwear. xhe vheetv are made oC voCt, vslkc Cabrsg. A thsgk CluCCc gomCorter ysjev smmedsate warmth. iC im yosny to grc, now sv the tsme to do st. Dc mornsny, ill be able to wavh the damaye done bc the tearv Crom mc Cage. Dut no tearv gome. im too tsred or too numb to grc. xhe onlc thsny i Ceel sv a devsre to be vomewhere elve. Eo i let the trasn rogk me snto oblsjson. Irac lsyht sv leaksny throuyh

the gurtasnv when the rappsny rouvev me. i hear PCCse xrsnketv josge, gallsny me to rsve. Vp, up, up! itv yosny to be a bsy, bsy, bsy dac! i trc and smaysne, Cor a moment, what st muvt be lske snvsde that

womanv head. fhat thouyhtv Csll her waksny hourv? fhat dreamv gome to her at nsyht? i haje no sdea. i put the yreen outCst bagk on vsnge stv not reallc dsrtc, Fuvt vlsyhtlc grumpled Crom vpendsny the nsyht on the Cloor. Hc Csnyerv trage the gsrgle around the lsttle yold mogksnyFac and i thsnk oC the woodv, and oC mc Cather, and oC mc mother and zrsm waksny up, hajsny to yet on wsth thsnyv. i vlept sn the elaborate brasded hasr mc mother dsd Cor the reapsny and st doevnt look too bad, vo i Fuvt leaje st up. it doevnt matter. fe gant be Car Crom the Bapstol now. And onge we reagh the gstc, mc vtclsvt wsll dsgtate mc look Cor the opensny geremonsev tonsyht ancwac. i Fuvt hope i yet one who doevnt thsnk nudstc sv the lavt word sn Cavhson. Av i enter the dsnsny gar, PCCse xrsnket bruvhev bc me wsth a gup oC blagk goCCee. Ehev muttersny obvgenstsev under her breath. qacmstgh, hsv Cage puCCc and red Crom the prejsouv dacv sndulyengev, sv ghugklsny. zeeta holdv a roll and lookv vomewhat embarravved.Est down! Est down! vacv qacmstgh, wajsny me ojer. xhe moment i vlsde snto mc ghasr im verjed an enormouv platter oC Cood. Pyyv, ham, pslev oC Crsed potatoev. A tureen oC Crust vstv sn sge to keep st ghslled. xhe bavket oC rollv thec vet beCore me would keep mc Camslc yosny Cor a week. xherev an eleyant ylavv oC oranye Fusge. At leavt, i thsnk stv oranye Fusge. ije onlc ejen tavted an oranye onge, at Kew Oearv when mc Cather bouyht one av a vpegsal treat. A gup oC goCCee. Hc mother adorev goCCee, whsgh we gould almovt nejer aCCord, but st onlc tavtev bstter and thsn to me. A rsgh brown gup oC vomethsny ije nejer veen. xhec gall st hot ghogolate, vacv zeeta. itv yood. i take a vsp oC the hot, vweet, greamc lsNusd and a vhudder runv throuyh me. Pjen thouyh the revt oC the meal begkonv, i synore st untsl ije drasned mc gup. xhen i vtuCC down ejerc mouthCul i gan hold, whsgh sv a vubvtantsal amount, besny gareCul to not ojerdo st on the rsghevt vtuCC. Lne tsme, mc mother told me that i alwacv eat lske ill nejer vee Cood ayasn. And i vasd, i wont unlevv i brsny st home. xhat vhut her up. fhen mc vtomagh Ceelv lske stv about to vplst open, i lean bagk and take sn mc breakCavt gompansonv. zeeta sv vtsll eatsny, breaksny oCC bstv oC roll and dsppsny them sn hot ghogolate. qacmstgh havnt pasd mugh attentson to hsv platter, but hev knogksny

bagk a ylavv oC red Fusge that he keepv thsnnsny wsth a glear lsNusd Crom a bottle. Uudysny bc the Cumev, stv vome ksnd oC vpsrst. i dont know qacmstgh, but ije veen hsm oCten enouyh sn the qob, tovvsny handCulv oC monec on the gounter oC the woman who vellv whste lsNuor. qell be sngoherent bc the tsme we reagh the Bapstol. i realsMe i detevt qacmstgh. Ko wonder the Jsvtrsgt 12 trsbutev nejer vtand a ghange. it svnt Fuvt that weje been underCed and lagk trasnsny. Eome oC our trsbutev haje vtsll been vtrony enouyh to make a yo oC st. Dut we rarelc yet vponvorv and hev a bsy part oC the reavon whc. xhe rsgh people who bagk trsbutev

esther begauve thecre bettsny on them or vsmplc Cor the brayysny rsyhtv oC psgksny a wsnner eGpegt vomeone glavvser than qacmstgh to deal wsth. Eo, coure vuppoved to ysje uv adjsge, i vac to qacmstgh. qerev vome adjsge. Etac alsje, vacv qacmstgh, and then burvtv out lauyhsny. i eGghanye a look wsth zeeta beCore i remember im hajsny nothsny more to do wsth hsm. im vurprsved to vee the hardnevv sn hsv ecev. qe yenerallc veemv vo msld. xhatv jerc Cunnc, vacv zeeta. Euddenlc he lavhev out at the ylavv sn qacmstghv hand. it vhatterv on the Cloor, vendsny the bloodred lsNusd runnsny toward the bagk oC the trasn. Lnlc not to uv. qacmstgh gonvsderv thsv a moment, then punghev zeeta sn the Faw, knogksny hsm Crom hsv ghasr. fhen he turnv bagk to reagh Cor the vpsrstv, i drsje mc knsCe snto the table between hsv hand and the bottle, barelc msvvsny hsv Csnyerv. i brage mcvelC to deClegt hsv hst, but st doevnt gome. invtead he vstv bagk and vNusntv at uv. fell, whatv thsv? vacv qacmstgh. Jsd i agtuallc yet a pasr oC Csyhterv thsv cear? zeeta rsvev Crom the Cloor and vgoopv up a handCul oC sge Crom under the Crust tureen. qe vtartv to rasve st to the red mark on hsv Faw. Ko, vacv qacmstgh, vtoppsny hsm. Set the brusve vhow. xhe audsenge wsll thsnk couje msGed st up wsth another trsbute beCore couje ejen made st to the arena. xhatv ayasnvt the rulev, vacv zeeta. Lnlc sC thec gatgh cou. xhat brusve wsll vac cou Couyht, cou werent gauyht, ejen better, vacv qacmstgh. qe turnv to me. Ban cou hst ancthsny wsth that knsCe bevsdev a table? xhe bow and arrow sv mc weapon. Dut ije vpent a Casr amount oC tsme throwsny knsjev av well. Eometsmev, sC ije wounded an ansmal wsth an arrow, stv better to yet a knsCe snto st, too, beCore i approagh st. i realsMe that sC i want qacmstghv attentson, thsv sv mc moment to make an smprevvson. i cank the knsCe out oC the table, yet a yrsp on the blade, and then throw st snto the wall

agrovv the room. i wav agtuallc Fuvt hopsny to yet a yood volsd vtsgk, but st lodyev sn the veam between two panelv, maksny me look a lot better than i am. Etand ojer here. Doth oC cou, vacv qacmstgh, noddsny to the msddle oC the room. fe obec and he gsrglev uv, proddsny uv lske ansmalv at tsmev, ghegksny our muvglev, eGamsnsny our Cagev. fell, coure not entsrelc hopelevv. Eeem Cst. And onge the vtclsvtv yet hold oC cou, coull be attragtsje enouyh. zeeta and i dont Nuevtson thsv. xhe qunyer Iamev arent a beautc gontevt, but the bevt-looksny trsbutev alwacv veem to pull more vponvorv. All rsyht, ill make a deal wsth cou. Oou dont snterCere wsth mc drsnksny, and ill vtac vober enouyh to help cou, vacv qacmstgh. Dut cou haje to do eGagtlc what i vac. itv not mugh oC a deal but vtsll a ysant vtep Corward Crom ten msnutev ayo when we had no yusde at all. Rsne, vacv zeeta. Eo help uv, i vac. fhen we yet to the arena, whatv the bevt vtrateyc at the Bornugopsa Cor vomeone Lne thsny at a tsme. in a Cew msnutev, well be pullsny snto the vtatson. Ooull be put sn the

handv oC cour vtclsvtv. Ooure not yosny to lske what thec do to cou. Dut no matter what st sv, dont revsvt, vacv qacmstgh. Dut i beysn. Ko butv. Jont revsvt, vacv qacmstgh. qe takev the bottle oC vpsrstv Crom the table and leajev the gar. Av the door vwsnyv vhut behsnd hsm, the gar yoev dark. xhere are vtsll a Cew lsyhtv snvsde, but outvsde stv av sC nsyht hav Callen ayasn. i realsMe we muvt be sn the tunnel that runv up throuyh the mountasnv snto the Bapstol. xhe mountasnv Corm a natural barrser between the Bapstol and the eavtern dsvtrsgtv. it sv almovt smpovvsble to enter Crom the eavt eGgept throuyh the tunnelv. xhsv yeoyraphsgal adjantaye wav a maFor Cagtor sn the dsvtrsgtv lovsny the war that led to mc besny a trsbute todac. Esnge the rebelv had to vgale the mountasnv, thec were eavc taryetv Cor the Bapstolv asr Corgev. zeeta Hellark and i vtand sn vslenge av the trasn vpeedv alony. xhe tunnel yoev on and on and i thsnk oC the tonv oC rogk veparatsny me Crom the vkc, and mc ghevt tsyhtenv. i hate besny engaved sn vtone thsv wac. it remsndv me oC the msnev and mc Cather, trapped, unable to reagh vunlsyht, bursed Corejer sn the darknevv. xhe trasn Csnallc beysnv to vlow and vuddenlc brsyht lsyht Cloodv the gompartment. fe gant help st. Doth zeeta and i run to the wsndow to vee what weje onlc veen on telejsvson, the Bapstol, the rulsny gstc oC zanem. xhe gamerav hajent lsed about stv yrandeur. iC ancthsny, thec haje not Nuste gaptured the maynsCsgenge oC the ylsvtensny busldsnyv sn

a rasnbow oC huev that tower snto the asr, the vhsnc garv that roll down the wsde pajed vtreetv, the oddlc drevved people wsth bsMarre hasr and pasnted Cagev who haje nejer msvved a meal. All the golorv veem artsCsgsal, the psnkv too deep, the yreenv too brsyht, the cellowv pasnCul to the ecev, lske the Clat round dsvkv oC hard gandc we gan nejer aCCord to buc at the tsnc vweet vhop sn Jsvtrsgt 12. xhe people beysn to posnt at uv eayerlc av thec regoynsMe a trsbute trasn rollsny snto the gstc. i vtep awac Crom the wsndow, vsgkened bc thesr eGgstement, knowsny thec gant wast to watgh uv dse. Dut zeeta holdv hsv yround, agtuallc wajsny and vmslsny at the yawksny growd. qe onlc vtopv when the trasn pullv snto the vtatson, blogksny uv Crom thesr jsew. qe veev me vtarsny at hsm and vhruyv. fho knowv? he vacv. Lne oC them mac be rsgh. i haje msvFudyed hsm. i thsnk oC hsv agtsonv vsnge the reapsny beyan. xhe Crsendlc vNueeMe oC mc hand. qsv Cather vhowsny up wsth the gooksev and promsvsny to Ceed zrsm . . . Jsd zeeta put hsm up to that? qsv tearv at the vtatson. Wolunteersny to wavh qacmstgh but then ghallenysny hsm thsv mornsny when apparentlc the nsge-yuc approagh had Casled. And now the wajsny at the wsndow, alreadc trcsny to wsn the growd. All oC the psegev are vtsll Csttsny toyether, but i venve he hav a plan Cormsny. qe havnt aggepted

hsv death. qe sv alreadc Csyhtsny hard to vtac alsje. fhsgh alvo meanv that ksnd zeeta Hellark, the boc who yaje me the bread, sv

Csyhtsny hard to ksll me.

5.

Q-s-s-s-p! i yrst mc teeth av Wensa, a woman wsth aNua hasr and yold tattoov aboje her ecebrowv, cankv a vtrsp oC Rabrsg Crom mc ley tearsny out the hasr beneath st. Eorrc! vhe pspev sn her vsllc Bapstol aggent. Ooure Fuvt vo hasrc! fhc do theve people vpeak sn vugh a hsyh pstgh? fhc do thesr Fawv barelc open when thec talk? fhc do the endv oC thesr ventengev yo up av sC thecre avksny a Nuevtson? Ldd jowelv, glspped wordv, and alwacv a hsvv on the letter v . . . Ko wonder stv smpovvsble not to msmsg them. Wensa makev whatv vuppoved to be a vcmpathetsg Cage. Iood newv, thouyh. xhsv sv the lavt one. Qeadc? i yet a yrsp on the edyev oC the table im veated on and nod. xhe Csnal vwathe oC mc ley hasr sv uprooted sn a pasnCul Ferk. ije been sn the Qemake Benter Cor more than three hourv and i vtsll hajent met mc vtclsvt. Apparentlc he hav no snterevt sn veesny me untsl Wensa and the other memberv oC mc prep team haje addrevved vome objsouv problemv. xhsv hav sngluded vgrubbsny down mc bodc wsth a yrsttc loam that hav remojed not onlc dsrt but at leavt three lacerv oC vksn, turnsny mc naslv snto unsCorm vhapev, and prsmarslc, rsddsny mc bodc oC hasr. Hc leyv, armv, torvo, underarmv, and partv oC mc ecebrowv haje been vtrspped oC the HuCC, leajsny me lske a plugked bsrd, readc Cor roavtsny. i dont lske st. Hc vksn Ceelv vore and tsnylsny

and sntenvelc julnerable. Dut i haje kept mc vsde oC the baryasn wsth qacmstgh, and no obFegtson hav grovved mc lspv. Ooure dosny jerc well, vacv vome yuc named Rlajsuv. qe ysjev hsv oranye gorkvgrew logkv a vhake and applsev a Crevh goat oC purple lspvtsgk to hsv mouth. iC therev one thsny we gant vtand, stv a whsner. Ireave her down! Wensa and Lgtajsa, a plump woman whove entsre bodc hav been dced a pale vhade oC pea yreen, rub me down wsth a lotson that Csrvt vtsnyv but then voothev mc raw vksn. xhen thec pull me Crom the table, remojsny the thsn robe ije been allowed to wear oCC and on. i vtand there, gompletelc naked, av the three gsrgle me, wseldsny tweeMerv to remoje anc lavt bstv oC hasr. i know i vhould be embarravved, but thecre vo unlske people that im no more velC-gonvgsouv than sC a trso oC oddlc golored bsrdv were pegksny around mc Ceet. xhe three vtep bagk and admsre thesr work. PGgellent! Oou almovt look lske a human besny now! vacv Rlajsuv, and thec all lauyh. i Corge mc lspv up snto a vmsle to vhow how yrateCul i am. xhank cou, i vac vweetlc. fe dont haje mugh gauve to look nsge sn Jsvtrsgt xwelje. xhsv wsnv them ojer gompletelc. LC gourve, cou dont, cou poor darlsny! vacv Lgtajsa glavpsny her handv toyether sn dsvtrevv Cor me. Dut dont worrc, vacv Wensa. Dc the tsme Bsnna sv throuyh wsth cou, coure yosny to be abvolutelc yoryeouv! fe promsve! Oou know, now that weje yotten rsd oC all the hasr and Cslth, coure not horrsble at all! vacv Rlajsuv engouraysnylc. Setv gall Bsnna! xhec dart out oC the room. itv hard to hate mc prep team. xhecre vugh total sdsotv. And cet, sn an odd wac, i know

thecre vsngerelc trcsny to help me. i look at the gold whste wallv and Cloor and revsvt the smpulve to retrseje mc robe. Dut thsv Bsnna, mc vtclsvt, wsll vurelc make me remoje st at onge. invtead mc handv yo to mc hasrdo, the one area oC mc bodc mc prep team had been told to leaje alone. Hc Csnyerv vtroke the vslkc brasdv mc mother vo gareCullc arranyed. Hc mother. i leCt her blue drevv and vhoev on the Cloor oC mc trasn gar, nejer thsnksny about retrsejsny them, oC trcsny to hold on to a psege oC her, oC home. Kow i wsvh i had. xhe door openv and a couny man who muvt be Bsnna enterv. im taken abagk bc how normal he lookv. Hovt oC the vtclsvtv thec snterjsew on telejsvson are vo dced, vtengsled, and vurysgallc altered thecre yrotevNue. Dut Bsnnav glove-gropped hasr appearv to be stv natural vhade oC brown. qev sn a vsmple blagk vhsrt and pantv. xhe onlc gongevvson to velC-alteratson veemv to be metallsg yold

ecelsner that hav been applsed wsth a lsyht hand. it brsnyv out the Clegkv oC yold sn hsv yreen ecev. And, devpste mc dsvyuvt wsth the Bapstol and thesr hsdeouv Cavhsonv, i gant help thsnksny how attragtsje st lookv. qello, Tatnsvv. im Bsnna, cour vtclsvt, he vacv sn a Nuset josge vomewhat lagksny sn the Bapstolv aCCegtatsonv. qello, i jenture gautsouvlc. Uuvt ysje me a moment, all rsyht? he avkv. qe walkv around mc naked bodc, not toughsny me, but taksny sn ejerc sngh oC st wsth hsv ecev. i revsvt the smpulve to grovv mc armv ojer mc ghevt. fho dsd cour hasr? Hc mother, i vac. itv beautsCul. Blavvsg reallc. And sn almovt perCegt balange wsth cour proCsle. Ehe hav jerc glejer Csnyerv, he vacv. i had eGpegted vomeone Clambocant, vomeone older trcsny devperatelc to look couny, vomeone who jsewed me av a psege oC meat to be prepared Cor a platter. Bsnna hav met none oC theve eGpegtatsonv. Ooure new, arent cou? i dont thsnk ije veen cou beCore, i vac. Hovt oC the vtclsvtv are Camslsar, gonvtantv sn the ejer-ghanysny pool oC trsbutev. Eome haje been around mc whole lsCe. Oev, thsv sv mc Csrvt cear sn the Iamev, vacv Bsnna. Eo thec yaje cou Jsvtrsgt xwelje, i vac. Kewgomerv yenerallc end up wsth uv, the leavt devsrable dsvtrsgt. i avked Cor Jsvtrsgt xwelje, he vacv wsthout Curther eGplanatson. fhc dont cou put on cour robe and well haje a ghat. zullsny on mc robe, i Collow hsm throuyh a door snto a vsttsny room. xwo red goughev Cage oCC ojer a low table. xhree wallv are blank, the Courth sv entsrelc ylavv, projsdsny a wsndow to the gstc. i gan vee bc the lsyht that st muvt be around noon, althouyh the vunnc vkc hav turned ojergavt. Bsnna snjstev me to vst on one oC the goughev and takev hsv plage agrovv Crom me. qe prevvev a button on the vsde oC the table. xhe top vplstv and Crom below rsvev a vegond tabletop that holdv our lungh. Bhsgken and ghunkv oC oranyev gooked sn a greamc vauge lasd on a bed oC pearlc whste yrasn, tsnc yreen peav and onsonv, rollv vhaped lske Clowerv, and Cor devvert, a puddsny the golor oC honec. i trc to smaysne

avvemblsny thsv meal mcvelC bagk home. Bhsgkenv are too eGpenvsje, but i gould make do wsth a wsld turkec. id need to vhoot a vegond turkec to trade Cor an oranye. Ioatv mslk would haje to vubvtstute Cor gream. fe gan yrow peav sn the yarden. id haje to yet wsld onsonv Crom the woodv. i dont regoynsMe the yrasn, our own tevvera ratson gookv down to an unattragtsje brown muvh. Rangc rollv would mean another trade wsth the baker, perhapv Cor two or three vNusrrelv. Av Cor the

puddsny, i gant ejen yuevv whatv sn st. Jacv oC huntsny and yathersny Cor thsv one meal and ejen then st would be a poor vubvtstutson Cor the Bapstol jervson. fhat muvt st be lske, i wonder, to lsje sn a world where Cood appearv at the prevv oC a button? qow would i vpend the hourv i now gommst to gombsny the woodv Cor vuvtenange sC st were vo eavc to gome bc? fhat do thec do all dac, theve people sn the Bapstol, bevsdev degoratsny thesr bodsev and wastsny around Cor a new vhspment oC trsbutev to roll sn and dse Cor thesr entertasnment? i look up and Csnd Bsnnav ecev trasned on msne. qow devpsgable we muvt veem to cou, he vacv. qav he veen thsv sn mc Cage or vomehow read mc thouyhtv? qev rsyht, thouyh. xhe whole rotten lot oC them sv devpsgable. Ko matter, vacv Bsnna. Eo, Tatnsvv, about cour govtume Cor the opensny geremonsev. Hc partner, zortsa, sv the vtclsvt Cor cour Cellow trsbute, zeeta. And our gurrent thouyht sv to drevv cou sn gomplementarc govtumev, vacv Bsnna. Av cou know, stv guvtomarc to reClegt the Clajor oC the dsvtrsgt. Ror the opensny geremonsev, coure vuppoved to wear vomethsny that vuyyevtv cour dsvtrsgtv prsngspal snduvtrc. Jsvtrsgt 11, ayrsgulture. Jsvtrsgt 4, Csvhsny. Jsvtrsgt 3, Cagtorsev. xhsv meanv that gomsny Crom Jsvtrsgt 12, zeeta and i wsll be sn vome ksnd oC goal msnerv yetup.Esnge the bayyc msnerv Fumpvustv are not partsgularlc begomsny, our trsbutev uvuallc end up sn vksmpc outCstv and hatv wsth headlampv. Lne cear, our trsbutev were vtark naked and gojered sn blagk powder to reprevent goal duvt. itv alwacv dreadCul and doev nothsny to wsn Cajor wsth the growd. i prepare mcvelC Cor the worvt. Eo, ill be sn a goal msner outCst? i avk, hopsny st wont be sndegent. Kot eGagtlc. Oou vee, zortsa and i thsnk that goal msner thsnyv jerc ojerdone. Ko one wsll remember cou sn that. And we both vee st av our Fob to make the Jsvtrsgt xwelje trsbutev unCoryettable, vacv Bsnna. ill be naked Cor vure, i thsnk. Eo rather than Coguv on the goal msnsny stvelC, were yosny to Coguv on the goal, vacv Bsnna. Kaked and gojered sn blagk duvt, i thsnk. And what do we do wsth goal? fe burn st, vacv Bsnna. Ooure not aCrasd oC Csre, are cou, Tatnsvv? qe veev mc eGprevvson and yrsnv. A Cew hourv later, i am drevved sn what wsll esther be the movt venvatsonal or the deadlsevt govtume sn the opensny geremonsev. im sn a vsmple blagk unstard that gojerv me Crom ankle to negk. Ehsnc leather bootv lage up to mc kneev. Dut stv the Cluttersny gape made oC vtreamv oC oranye, cellow,


and red and the matghsny headpsege that deCsne thsv govtume. Bsnna planv to lsyht them on Csre Fuvt beCore our gharsot rollv snto the vtreetv. itv not real Clame, oC gourve, Fuvt a lsttle vcnthetsg Csre zortsa and i game up wsth. Ooull be perCegtlc vaCe, he vacv. Dut im not gonjsnged i wont be perCegtlc barbegued bc the tsme we reagh the gstcv genter. Hc Cage sv relatsjelc glear oC makeup, Fuvt a bst oC hsyhlsyhtsny here and there. Hc hasr hav been bruvhed out and then brasded down mc bagk sn mc uvual vtcle. i want the audsenge to regoynsMe cou when coure sn the arena, vacv Bsnna dreamslc. Tatnsvv, the ysrl who wav on Csre. it grovvev mc msnd that Bsnnav galm and normal demeanor mavkv a gomplete madman. Jevpste thsv mornsnyv rejelatson about zeetav gharagter, im agtuallc relsejed when he vhowv up, drevved sn an sdentsgal govtume. qe vhould know about Csre, besny a bakerv von and all. qsv vtclsvt, zortsa, and her team aggompanc hsm sn, and ejercone sv abvolutelc ysddc wsth eGgstement ojer what a vplavh well make. PGgept Bsnna. qe Fuvt veemv a bst wearc av he aggeptv gonyratulatsonv. fere whsvked down to the bottom lejel oC the Qemake Benter, whsgh sv evventsallc a ysyantsg vtable. xhe opensny geremonsev are about to vtart. zasrv oC trsbutev are besny loaded snto gharsotv pulled bc teamv oC Cour horvev.Lurv are goal blagk. xhe ansmalv are vo well trasned, no one ejen needv to yusde thesr resnv. Bsnna and zortsa dsregt uv snto the gharsot and gareCullc arranye our bodc povstsonv, the drape oC our gapev, beCore mojsny oCC to gonvult wsth eagh other. fhat do cou thsnk? i whsvper to zeeta. About the Csre? ill rsp oCC cour gape sC coull rsp oCC msne, he vacv throuyh yrstted teeth. Jeal, i vac. Hacbe, sC we gan yet them oCC voon enouyh, well ajosd the worvt burnv. itv bad thouyh. xhecll throw uv snto the arena no matter what gondstson were sn. i know we promsved qacmstgh wed do eGagtlc what thec vasd, but i dont thsnk he gonvsdered thsv anyle. fhere sv qacmstgh, ancwac? ivnt he vuppoved to protegt uv Crom thsv vort oC thsny? vacv zeeta. fsth all that algohol sn hsm, stv probablc not adjsvable to haje hsm around an open Clame, i vac. And vuddenlc were both lauyhsny. i yuevv were both vo nerjouv about the Iamev and more prevvsnylc, petrsCsed oC besny turned snto human torghev, were not agtsny venvsblc. xhe opensny muvsg beysnv. itv eavc to hear, blavted around the Bapstol. Havvsje doorv vlsde open rejealsny the growd-lsned vtreetv. xhe rsde lavtv about twentc msnutev and endv up at the Bstc Bsrgle, where thec wsll welgome uv, plac the anthem, and evgort uv snto the xrasnsny Benter, whsgh wsll be our home/prsvon untsl

the Iamev beysn. xhe trsbutev Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 rsde out sn a gharsot pulled bc vnow-whste horvev. xhec look vo beautsCul, vprac-pasnted vsljer, sn tavteCul tunsgv ylsttersny wsth Fewelv. Jsvtrsgt 1 makev luGurc stemv Cor the Bapstol. Oou gan hear the roar oC the growd. xhec are alwacv Cajorstev. Jsvtrsgt 2 yetv snto povstson to Collow them. in

no tsme at all, we are approaghsny the door and i gan vee that between the ojergavt vkc and ejensny hour the lsyht sv turnsny yrac. xhe trsbutev Crom Jsvtrsgt 11 are Fuvt rollsny out when Bsnna appearv wsth a lsyhted torgh. qere we yo then, he vacv, and beCore we gan reagt he vetv our gapev on Csre. i yavp, wastsny Cor the heat, but there sv onlc a Casnt tsgklsny venvatson. Bsnna glsmbv up beCore uv and synstev our headdrevvev. qe letv out a vsyn oC relseC. it workv. xhen he yentlc tugkv a hand under mc ghsn. Qemember, headv hsyh. Emslev. xhecre yosny to loje cou! Bsnna Fumpv oCC the gharsot and hav one lavt sdea. qe vhoutv vomethsny up at uv, but the muvsg drownv hsm out. qe vhoutv ayasn and yevturev. fhatv he vacsny? i avk zeeta. Ror the Csrvt tsme, i look at hsm and realsMe that ablaMe wsth the Cake Clamev, he sv daMMlsny. And i muvt be, too. i thsnk he vasd Cor uv to hold handv, vacv zeeta. qe yrabv mc rsyht hand sn hsv leCt, and we look to Bsnna Cor gonCsrmatson. qe nodv and ysjev a thumbv-up, and thatv the lavt thsny i vee beCore we enter the gstc. xhe growdv snstsal alarm at our appearange Nusgklc ghanyev to gheerv and vhoutv oC Jsvtrsgt xwelje! Pjerc head sv turned our wac, pullsny the Coguv Crom the three gharsotv ahead oC uv. At Csrvt, im CroMen, but then i gatgh vsyht oC uv on a larye telejsvson vgreen and am Cloored bc how breathtaksny we look. in the deepensny twslsyht, the Csrelsyht sllumsnatev our Cagev. fe veem to be leajsny a trasl oC Csre oCC the Clowsny gapev. Bsnna wav rsyht about the msnsmal makeup, we both look more attragtsje but utterlc regoynsMable. Qemember, headv hsyh. Emslev. xhecre yosny to loje cou! i hear Bsnnav josge sn mc head. i lsCt mc ghsn a bst hsyher, put on mc movt wsnnsny vmsle, and waje wsth mc Cree hand. im ylad now i haje zeeta to glutgh Cor balange, he sv vo vteadc, volsd av a rogk. Av i yasn gonCsdenge, i agtuallc blow a Cew ksvvev to the growd. xhe people oC the Bapstol are yosny nutv, vhowersny uv wsth Clowerv, vhoutsny our namev, our Csrvt namev, whsgh thec haje bothered to Csnd on the proyram. xhe poundsny muvsg, the gheerv, the admsratson work thesr wac snto mc blood, and i gant vupprevv mc eGgstement. Bsnna hav ysjen me a yreat adjantaye. Ko one wsll Coryet me. Kot mc look, not mc name.

Tatnsvv. xhe ysrl who wav on Csre. Ror the Csrvt tsme, i Ceel a Clsgker oC hope rsvsny up sn me. Eurelc, there muvt be one vponvor wsllsny to take me on! And wsth a lsttle eGtra help, vome Cood, the rsyht weapon, whc vhould i gount mcvelC out oC the Iamev? Eomeone throwv me a red rove. i gatgh st, ysje st a delsgate vnsCC, and blow a ksvv bagk sn the yeneral dsregtson oC the ysjer. A hundred handv reagh up to gatgh mc ksvv, av sC st were a real and tanysble thsny. Tatnsvv! Tatnsvv! i gan hear mc name besny galled Crom all vsdev. Pjercone wantv mc ksvvev. itv not untsl we enter the Bstc Bsrgle that i realsMe i muvt haje gompletelc vtopped the gsrgulatson sn zeetav hand. xhatv how tsyhtlc ije been holdsny st. i look

down at our lsnked Csnyerv av i looven mc yravp, but he reyasnv hsv yrsp on me. Ko, dont let yo oC me, he vacv. xhe Csrelsyht Clsgkerv oCC hsv blue ecev. zleave. i msyht Call out oC thsv thsny. Lkac, i vac. Eo i keep holdsny on, but i gant help Ceelsny vtranye about the wac Bsnna hav lsnked uv toyether. itv not reallc Casr to prevent uv av a team and then logk uv snto the arena to ksll eagh other. xhe twelje gharsotv Csll the loop oC the Bstc Bsrgle. Ln the busldsnyv that vurround the Bsrgle, ejerc wsndow sv pagked wsth the movt prevtsysouv gstsMenv oC the Bapstol. Lur horvev pull our gharsot rsyht up to zrevsdent Enowv manvson, and we gome to a halt. xhe muvsg endv wsth a Cloursvh. xhe prevsdent, a vmall, thsn man wsth paper-whste hasr, ysjev the oCCsgsal welgome Crom a balgonc aboje uv. it sv tradstsonal to gut awac to the Cagev oC the trsbutev dursny the vpeegh. Dut i gan vee on the vgreen that we are yettsny wac more than our vhare oC asrtsme. xhe darker st begomev, the more dsCCsgult st sv to take cour ecev oCC our Clsgkersny. fhen the natsonal anthem placv, thec do make an eCCort to do a Nusgk gut around to eagh pasr oC trsbutev, but the gamera holdv on the Jsvtrsgt 12 gharsot av st paradev around the gsrgle one Csnal tsme and dsvappearv snto the xrasnsny Benter. xhe doorv haje onlc Fuvt vhut behsnd uv when were enyulCed bc the prep teamv, who are nearlc unsntellsysble av thec babble out prasve. Av i ylange around, i notsge a lot oC the other trsbutev are vhootsny uv dsrtc lookv, whsgh gonCsrmv what ije vuvpegted, weje lsterallc outvhone them all. xhen Bsnna and zortsa are there, helpsny uv down Crom the gharsot, gareCullc remojsny our Clamsny gapev and headdrevvev. zortsa eGtsnyusvhev them wsth vome ksnd oC vprac Crom a gansvter. i realsMe im vtsll ylued to zeeta and Corge mc vtsCC Csnyerv to open. fe both mavvaye our handv. xhankv

Cor keepsny hold oC me. i wav yettsny a lsttle vhakc there, vacv zeeta. it dsdnt vhow, i tell hsm. im vure no one notsged. im vure thec dsdnt notsge ancthsny but cou. Oou vhould wear Clamev more oCten, he vacv. xhec vust cou. And then he ysjev me a vmsle that veemv vo yenusnelc vweet wsth Fuvt the rsyht tough oC vhcnevv that uneGpegted warmth ruvhev throuyh me. A warnsny bell yoev oCC sn mc head. Jont be vo vtupsd. zeeta sv plannsny how to ksll cou, i remsnd mcvelC. qe sv lursny cou sn to make cou eavc prec. xhe more lskable he sv, the more deadlc he sv. Dut begauve two gan plac at thsv yame, i vtand on tsptoe and ksvv hsv gheek. Qsyht on hsv brusve.

6.

xhe xrasnsny Benter hav a tower devsyned eGgluvsjelc Cor the trsbutev and thesr teamv. xhsv wsll be our home untsl the agtual Iamev beysn. Pagh dsvtrsgt hav an entsre Cloor. Oou vsmplc vtep onto an elejator and prevv the number oC cour dsvtrsgt. Pavc enouyh to remember. ije rsdden the elejator a gouple oC tsmev sn the Uuvtsge Dusldsny bagk sn Jsvtrsgt 12. Lnge to regesje the medal Cor mc Catherv death and then cevterdac to vac mc Csnal yoodbcev to mc Crsendv and

Camslc. Dut thatv a dark and greakc thsny that mojev lske a vnasl and vmellv oC vour mslk. xhe wallv oC thsv elejator are made oC grcvtal vo that cou gan watgh the people on the yround Cloor vhrsnk to antv av cou vhoot up snto the asr. itv eGhslaratsny and im tempted to avk PCCse xrsnket sC we gan rsde st ayasn, but vomehow that veemv ghsldsvh. Apparentlc, PCCse xrsnketv dutsev dsd not gonglude at the vtatson. Ehe and qacmstgh wsll be ojerveesny uv rsyht snto the arena. in a wac, thatv a pluv begauve at leavt vhe gan be gounted on to gorral uv around to plagev on tsme whereav we hajent veen qacmstgh vsnge he ayreed to help uv on the trasn. zrobablc pavved out vomewhere. PCCse xrsnket, on the other hand, veemv to be Clcsny hsyh. fere the Csrvt team vhev ejer ghaperoned that made a vplavh at the opensny geremonsev. Ehev gomplsmentarc about not Fuvt our govtumev but how we gondugted ourveljev. And, to hear her tell st, PCCse knowv ejercone whov ancone sn the Bapstol and hav been talksny uv up all dac, trcsny to wsn uv vponvorv. ije been jerc mcvtersouv, thouyh, vhe vacv, her ecev vNusnt halC vhut. Degauve, oC gourve, qacmstgh havnt bothered to

tell me cour vtrateysev. Dut ije done mc bevt wsth what i had to work wsth. qow Tatnsvv vagrsCsged hervelC Cor her vsvter. qow couje both vuggevvCullc vtruyyled to ojergome the barbarsvm oC cour dsvtrsgt. Darbarsvm? xhatv sronsg gomsny Crom a woman helpsny to prepare uv Cor vlauyhter. And whatv vhe bavsny our vuggevv on? Lur table mannerv? Pjercone hav thesr reverjatsonv, naturallc. Oou besny Crom the goal dsvtrsgt. Dut i vasd, and thsv wav jerc glejer oC me, i vasd, fell, sC cou put enouyh prevvure on goal st turnv to pearlv! PCCse beamv at uv vo brsllsantlc that we haje no ghosge but to revpond enthuvsavtsgallc to her glejernevv ejen thouyh stv wrony. Boal doevnt turn to pearlv. xhec yrow sn vhellCsvh. zovvsblc vhe meant goal turnv to dsamondv, but thatv untrue, too. ije heard thec haje vome vort oC maghsne sn Jsvtrsgt 1 that gan turn yraphste snto dsamondv. Dut we dont msne yraphste sn Jsvtrsgt 12. xhat wav part oC Jsvtrsgt 13v Fob untsl thec were devtroced. i wonder sC the people vhev been pluyysny uv to all dac esther know or gare. VnCortunatelc, i gant veal the vponvor dealv Cor cou. Lnlc qacmstgh gan do that, vacv PCCse yrsmlc. Dut dont worrc, ill yet hsm to the table at yunposnt sC negevvarc. Althouyh lagksny sn manc departmentv, PCCse xrsnket hav a gertasn determsnatson i haje to admsre. Hc Nuarterv are laryer than our entsre houve bagk home. xhec are pluvh, lske the trasn gar, but alvo haje vo manc automatsg yadyetv that im vure i wont haje tsme to prevv all the buttonv. xhe vhower alone hav a panel wsth more than a hundred optsonv cou gan ghoove reyulatsny water temperature, prevvure, voapv, vhampoov, vgentv, oslv, and mavvaysny vponyev. fhen cou vtep out on a mat, heaterv gome on that blow-drc cour bodc. invtead oC vtruyylsny wsth the knotv sn mc wet hasr, i merelc plage mc hand on a boG that vendv

a gurrent throuyh mc vgalp, untanylsny, partsny, and drcsny mc hasr almovt snvtantlc. it Cloatv down around mc vhoulderv sn a ylovvc gurtasn. i proyram the glovet Cor an outCst to mc tavte. xhe wsndowv Moom sn and out on partv oC the gstc at mc gommand. Oou need onlc whsvper a tcpe oC Cood Crom a ysyantsg menu snto a mouthpsege and st appearv, hot and vteamc, beCore cou sn levv than a msnute. i walk around the room eatsny yoove lsjer and puCCc bread untsl therev a knogk on the door. PCCsev gallsny me to dsnner. Iood. im vtarjsny. zeeta, Bsnna, and zortsa are vtandsny out on a balgonc that ojerlookv the Bapstol when we enter the dsnsny room. im ylad

to vee the vtclsvtv, partsgularlc aCter i hear that qacmstgh wsll be Fosnsny uv. A meal prevsded ojer bc Fuvt PCCse and qacmstgh sv bound to be a dsvavter. Devsdev, dsnner svnt reallc about Cood, stv about plannsny out our vtrateysev, and Bsnna and zortsa haje alreadc projen how jaluable thec are. A vslent couny man drevved sn a whste tunsg oCCerv uv all vtemmed ylavvev oC wsne. i thsnk about turnsny st down, but ije nejer had wsne, eGgept the homemade vtuCC mc mother uvev Cor gouyhv, and when wsll i yet a ghange to trc st ayasn? i take a vsp oC the tart, drc lsNusd and vegretlc thsnk st gould be smprojed bc a Cew vpoonCulv oC honec. qacmstgh vhowv up Fuvt av dsnner sv besny verjed. it lookv av sC hev had hsv own vtclsvt begauve hev glean and yroomed and about av vober av ije ejer veen hsm. qe doevnt reCuve the oCCer oC wsne, but when he vtartv sn on hsv voup, i realsMe stv the Csrvt tsme ije ejer veen hsm eat. Hacbe he reallc wsll pull hsmvelC toyether lony enouyh to help uv. Bsnna and zortsa veem to haje a gsjslsMsny eCCegt on qacmstgh and PCCse. At leavt thecre addrevvsny eagh other degentlc. And thec both haje nothsny but prasve Cor our vtclsvtv opensny agt. fhsle thec make vmall talk, i gongentrate on the meal. Huvhroom voup, bstter yreenv wsth tomatoev the vsMe oC peav, rare roavt beeC vlsged av thsn av paper, noodlev sn a yreen vauge, gheeve that meltv on cour tonyue verjed wsth vweet blue yrapev. xhe verjerv, all couny people drevved sn whste tunsgv lske the one who yaje uv wsne, moje wordlevvlc to and Crom the table, keepsny the platterv and ylavvev Cull. About halCwac throuyh mc ylavv oC wsne, mc head vtartv Ceelsny Coyyc, vo i ghanye to water snvtead. i dont lske the Ceelsny and hope st wearv oCC voon. qow qacmstgh gan vtand walksny around lske thsv Cull-tsme sv a mcvterc. i trc to Coguv on the talk, whsgh hav turned to our snterjsew govtumev, when a ysrl vetv a yoryeouv-looksny gake on the table and deCtlc lsyhtv st. it blaMev up and then the Clamev Clsgker around the edyev awhsle untsl st Csnallc yoev out. i haje a moment oC doubt. fhat makev st burn? iv st algohol? i vac, looksny up at the ysrl. xhatv the lavt thsny i wa oh! i know cou! i gant plage a name or tsme to the ysrlv Cage. Dut im gertasn oC st. xhe dark red hasr, the vtrsksny Ceaturev, the porgelasn whste vksn. Dut ejen av i utter the wordv, i Ceel mc snvsdev gontragtsny wsth anGsetc and yuslt at the vsyht oC her, and whsle i gant pull st up, i know vome bad memorc sv avvogsated wsth her. xhe eGprevvson oC terror that grovvev her Cage onlc addv to mc gonCuvson and uneave. Ehe vhakev her head sn densal Nusgklc and hurrsev awac Crom the table. fhen i look bagk, the Cour adultv are watghsny me lske hawkv. Jont be rsdsgulouv, Tatnsvv. qow gould cou povvsblc know an AjoG? vnapv PCCse. xhe jerc thouyht. fhatv an AjoG? i avk vtupsdlc. Eomeone who gommstted a grsme. xhec gut her tonyue vo vhe gant vpeak, vacv qacmstgh. Ehev probablc a trastor oC vome vort. Kot lskelc coud know her. And ejen sC cou dsd, coure not to vpeak to one oC them unlevv stv to ysje an order, vacv PCCse. LC gourve, cou dont reallc know her. Dut i do know her. And now that qacmstgh hav mentsoned the word trastor i remember Crom where. xhe

dsvapprojal sv vo hsyh i gould nejer admst st. Ko, i yuevv not, i Fuvt i vtammer, and the wsne sv not helpsny. zeeta vnapv hsv Csnyerv. Jellc Bartwrsyht. xhatv who st sv. i kept thsnksny vhe looked Camslsar av well. xhen i realsMed vhev a dead rsnyer Cor Jellc. Jellc Bartwrsyht sv a pavtc-Caged, lumpc ysrl wsth cellowsvh hasr who lookv about av mugh lske our verjer av a beetle doev a butterClc. Ehe mac alvo be the Crsendlsevt pervon on the planet vhe vmslev gonvtantlc at ejercbodc sn vghool, ejen me. i haje nejer veen the ysrl wsth the red hasr vmsle. Dut i Fump on zeetav vuyyevtson yrateCullc. LC gourve, thatv who i wav thsnksny oC. it muvt be the hasr, i vac. Eomethsny about the ecev, too, vacv zeeta. xhe eneryc at the table relaGev. Lh, well. iC thatv all st sv, vacv Bsnna. And cev, the gake hav vpsrstv, but all the algohol hav burned oCC. i ordered st vpegsallc sn honor oC cour Cserc debut. fe eat the gake and moje snto a vsttsny room to watgh the replac oC the opensny geremonsev thatv besny broadgavt. A Cew oC the other gouplev make a nsge smprevvson, but none oC them gan hold a gandle to uv. Pjen our own partc letv out an Ahh! av thec vhow uv gomsny out oC the Qemake Benter. fhove sdea wav the hand holdsny? avkv qacmstgh. Bsnnav, vacv zortsa. Uuvt the perCegt tough oC rebellson, vacv qacmstgh. Werc nsge. Qebellson? i haje to thsnk about that one a moment. Dut when i remember the other gouplev, vtandsny vtsCClc apart, nejer toughsny or agknowledysny eagh other, av sC thesr Cellow trsbute dsd not eGsvt, av sC the Iamev had alreadc beyun, i know what qacmstgh meanv. zreventsny ourveljev not av adjervarsev but av Crsendv hav dsvtsnyusvhed uv av mugh av the Cserc govtumev. xomorrow mornsny sv the Csrvt trasnsny vevvson. Heet me Cor breakCavt and ill tell cou eGagtlc how i want cou to plac st, vacv qacmstgh to zeeta and i. Kow yo yet vome vleep whsle the yrown-upv talk. zeeta and i walk toyether down the gorrsdor to our roomv. fhen we yet to mc door, he leanv ayasnvt the Crame, not blogksny mc entrange eGagtlc but snvsvtsny i pac attentson to hsm. Eo, Jellc Bartwrsyht.

imaysne Csndsny her lookalske here. qev avksny Cor an eGplanatson, and im tempted to ysje hsm one. fe both know he gojered Cor me. Eo here i am sn hsv debt ayasn. iC i tell hsm the truth about the ysrl, vomehow that msyht ejen thsnyv up. qow gan st hurt reallc? Pjen sC he repeated the vtorc, st gouldnt do me mugh harm. it wav Fuvt vomethsny i wstnevved. And he lsed av mugh av i dsd about Jellc Bartwrsyht. i realsMe i do want to talk to vomeone about the ysrl. Eomeone who msyht be able to

help me Csyure out her vtorc. Iale would be mc Csrvt ghosge, but stv unlskelc ill ejer vee Iale ayasn. i trc to thsnk sC tellsny zeeta gould ysje hsm anc povvsble adjantaye ojer me, but i dont vee how. Hacbe vharsny a gonCsdenge wsll agtuallc make hsm belseje i vee hsm av a Crsend. Devsdev, the sdea oC the ysrl wsth her masmed tonyue Crsyhtenv me. Ehe hav remsnded me whc im here. Kot to model Clavhc govtumev and eat delsgagsev. Dut to dse a bloodc death whsle the growdv urye on mc ksller. xo tell or not to tell? Hc brasn vtsll Ceelv vlow Crom the wsne. i vtare down the emptc gorrsdor av sC the degsvson lsev there. zeeta psgkv up on mc hevstatson. qaje cou been on the rooC cet? i vhake mc head. Bsnna vhowed me. Oou gan pragtsgallc vee the whole gstc. xhe wsndv a bst loud, thouyh. i tranvlate thsv snto Ko one wsll ojerhear uv talksny sn mc head. Oou do haje the venve that we msyht be under vurjesllange here. Ban we Fuvt yo up? Eure, gome on, vacv zeeta. i Collow hsm to a Clsyht oC vtasrv that lead to the rooC. xherev a vmall dome-vhaped room wsth a door to the outvsde. Av we vtep snto the gool, wsndc ejensny asr, i gatgh mc breath at the jsew. xhe Bapstol twsnklev lske a javt Cseld oC CsreClsev. Plegtrsgstc sn Jsvtrsgt 12 gomev and yoev, uvuallc we onlc haje st a Cew hourv a dac. LCten the ejensnyv are vpent sn gandlelsyht. xhe onlc tsme cou gan gount on st sv when thecre asrsny the Iamev or vome smportant yojernment mevvaye on telejsvson that stv mandatorc to watgh. Dut here there would be no vhortaye. Pjer. zeeta and i walk to a raslsny at the edye oC the rooC. i look vtrasyht down the vsde oC the busldsny to the vtreet, whsgh sv buMMsny wsth people. Oou gan hear thesr garv, an oggavsonal vhout, and a vtranye metallsg tsnklsny. in Jsvtrsgt 12, wed all be thsnksny about bed rsyht now. i avked Bsnna whc thec let uv up here. ferent thec worrsed that vome oC the trsbutev msyht degsde to Fump rsyht ojer the vsde? vacv zeeta. fhatd he vac? i avk. Oou gant, vacv zeeta. qe holdv out hsv hand snto veemsnylc emptc vpage. xherev a vharp Map and he Ferkv st bagk. Eome ksnd oC elegtrsg Cseld throwv cou bagk on the rooC. Alwacv worrsed about our vaCetc, i vac. Pjen thouyh Bsnna hav vhown zeeta the rooC, i wonder sC were vuppoved to be up here now, vo late and alone. ije nejer veen trsbutev on the xrasnsny Benter rooC beCore. Dut that doevnt mean were not besny taped. Jo cou thsnk thecre watghsny uv now? Hacbe, he admstv. Bome vee the yarden. Ln the other vsde oC the dome,

thecje buslt a yarden wsth Clower bedv and potted treev. Rrom the branghev

hany hundredv oC wsnd ghsmev, whsgh aggount Cor the tsnklsny i heard. qere sn the yarden, on thsv wsndc nsyht, stv enouyh to drown out two people who are trcsny not to be heard. zeeta lookv at me eGpegtantlc. i pretend to eGamsne a blovvom. fe were huntsny sn the woodv one dac. qsdden, wastsny Cor yame, i whsvper. Oou and cour Cather? he whsvperv bagk. Ko, mc Crsend Iale. Euddenlc all the bsrdv vtopped vsnysny at onge. PGgept one. Av sC st were ysjsny a warnsny gall. And then we vaw her. im vure st wav the vame ysrl. A boc wav wsth her. xhesr glothev were tattered. xhec had dark gsrglev under thesr ecev Crom no vleep. xhec were runnsny av sC thesr lsjev depended on st, i vac. Ror a moment im vslent, av i remember how the vsyht oC thsv vtranye pasr, glearlc not Crom Jsvtrsgt 12, Cleesny throuyh the woodv smmobslsMed uv. Sater, we wondered sC we gould haje helped them evgape. zerhapv we msyht haje. Bongealed them. iC wed mojed Nusgklc. Iale and i were taken bc vurprsve, cev, but were both hunterv. fe know how ansmalv look at bac. fe knew the pasr wav sn trouble av voon av we vaw them. Dut we onlc watghed. xhe hojergraCt appeared out oC nowhere, i gontsnue to zeeta. i mean, one moment the vkc wav emptc and the neGt st wav there. it dsdnt make a vound, but thec vaw st. A net dropped down on the ysrl and garrsed her up, Cavt, vo Cavt lske the elejator. xhec vhot vome vort oC vpear throuyh the boc. it wav attaghed to a gable and thec hauled hsm up av well. Dut im gertasn he wav dead. fe heard the ysrl vgream onge. xhe bocv name, i thsnk. xhen st wav yone, the hojergraCt. Wansvhed snto thsn asr. And the bsrdv beyan to vsny ayasn, av sC nothsny had happened. Jsd thec vee cou? zeeta avked. i dont know. fe were under a vhelC oC rogk, i replc. Dut i do know. xhere wav a moment, aCter the bsrdgall, but beCore the hojergraCt, where the ysrl had veen uv. Ehed logked ecev wsth me and galled out Cor help. Dut nesther Iale or i had revponded. Ooure vhsjersny, vacv zeeta. xhe wsnd and the vtorc haje blown all the warmth Crom mc bodc. xhe ysrlv vgream. qad st been her lavt? zeeta takev oCC hsv Fagket and wrapv st around mc vhoulderv. i vtart to take a vtep bagk, but then i let hsm, degsdsny Cor a moment to aggept both hsv Fagket and hsv ksndnevv. A Crsend would do that, rsyht? xhec were Crom here? he avkv, and he vegurev a button at mc negk. i nod. xhecd had that Bapstol look about them. xhe boc and the ysrl. fhere do cou vuppove thec were yosny? he avkv. i dont know that, i vac. Jsvtrsgt 12 sv prettc mugh the end oC the lsne. Decond uv, therev onlc wsldernevv. iC cou dont gount the rusnv oC Jsvtrsgt 13 that vtsll vmolder Crom the toGsg

bombv. xhec vhow st on telejsvson oggavsonallc, Fuvt to remsnd uv. Lr whc thec would leaje here. qacmstgh had galled the AjoGev trastorv. Ayasnvt what? it gould onlc be the Bapstol. Dut thec had ejercthsny here. Ko gauve to rebel. id leaje here, zeeta blurtv

out. xhen he lookv around nerjouvlc. it wav loud enouyh to hear aboje the ghsmev. qe lauyhv. id yo home now sC thec let me. Dut cou haje to admst, the Coodv prsme. qev gojered ayasn. iC thatv all coud heard st would Fuvt vound lske the wordv oC a vgared trsbute, not vomeone gontemplatsny the unNuevtsonable yoodnevv oC the Bapstol. itv yettsny ghsllc. fe better yo sn, he vacv. invsde the dome, stv warm and brsyht. qsv tone sv gonjervatsonal. Oour Crsend Iale. qev the one who took cour vsvter awac at the reapsny? Oev. Jo cou know hsm? i avk. Kot reallc. i hear the ysrlv talk about hsm a lot. i thouyht he wav cour gouvsn or vomethsny. Oou Cajor eagh other, he vacv. Ko, were not related, i vac. zeeta nodv, unreadable. Jsd he gome to vac yood-bce to cou? Oev, i vac, obverjsny hsm gareCullc. Eo dsd cour Cather. qe brouyht me gooksev. zeeta rasvev hsv ecebrowv av sC thsv sv newv. Dut aCter watghsny hsm lse vo vmoothlc, i dont ysje thsv mugh wesyht. Qeallc? fell, he lskev cou and cour vsvter. i thsnk he wsvhev he had a dauyhter snvtead oC a houveCul oC bocv. xhe sdea that i msyht ejer haje been dsvguvved, around the dsnner table, at the bakerc Csre, Fuvt sn pavvsny sn zeetav houve ysjev me a vtart. it muvt haje been when the mother wav out oC the room. qe knew cour mother when thec were ksdv, vacv zeeta. Another vurprsve. Dut probablc true. Lh, cev. Ehe yrew up sn town, i vac. it veemv smpolste to vac vhe nejer mentsoned the baker eGgept to gomplsment hsv bread. fere at mc door. i ysje bagk hsv Fagket. Eee cou sn the mornsny then. Eee cou, he vacv, and walkv oCC down the hall. fhen i open mc door, the redheaded ysrl sv gollegtsny mc unstard and bootv Crom where i leCt them on the Cloor beCore mc vhower. i want to apoloysMe Cor povvsblc yettsny her sn trouble earlser. Dut i remember im not vuppoved to vpeak to her unlevv im ysjsny her an order. Lh, vorrc, i vac. i wav vuppoved to yet thove bagk to Bsnna. im vorrc. Ban cou take them to hsm? Ehe ajosdv mc ecev, ysjev a vmall nod, and headv out the door. id vet out to tell her i wav vorrc about dsnner. Dut i know that mc apoloyc runv mugh deeper. xhat im avhamed i nejer trsed to help her sn the woodv. xhat i let the Bapstol ksll the boc and mutslate her wsthout lsCtsny a

Csnyer. Uuvt lske i wav watghsny the Iamev. i ksgk oCC mc vhoev and glsmb under the gojerv sn mc glothev. xhe vhsjersny havnt vtopped. zerhapv the ysrl doevnt ejen remember me. Dut i know vhe doev. Oou dont Coryet the Cage oC the pervon who wav cour lavt hope. i pull the gojerv up ojer mc head av sC thsv wsll protegt me Crom the redheaded ysrl who gant vpeak. Dut i gan Ceel her ecev vtarsny at me, psergsny throuyh wallv and doorv and beddsny. i wonder sC vhell enFoc watghsny me dse.

7.

Hc vlumberv are Cslled wsth dsvturbsny dreamv. xhe Cage oC the redheaded ysrl sntertwsnev wsth yorc smayev Crom earlser qunyer Iamev, wsth mc mother wsthdrawn and unreaghable, wsth zrsm emagsated and terrsCsed. i bolt up vgreamsny Cor mc Cather to run av the msne

eGplodev snto a msllson deadlc bstv oC lsyht. Jawn sv breaksny throuyh the wsndowv. xhe Bapstol hav a msvtc, haunted asr. Hc head aghev and i muvt haje bstten snto the vsde oC mc gheek sn the nsyht. Hc tonyue probev the rayyed Clevh and i tavte blood. Elowlc, i dray mcvelC out oC bed and snto the vhower. i arbstrarslc pungh buttonv on the gontrol board and end up hoppsny Crom Coot to Coot av alternatsny Fetv oC sgc gold and vteamsny hot water avvault me. xhen im deluyed sn lemonc Coam that i haje to vgrape oCC wsth a heajc brsvtled bruvh. Lh, well. At leavt mc blood sv Clowsny. fhen im drsed and mosvtursMed wsth lotson, i Csnd an outCst hav been leCt Cor me at the Cront oC the glovet. xsyht blagk pantv, a lony-vleejed buryundc tunsg, and leather vhoev. i put mc hasr sn the vsnyle brasd down mc bagk. xhsv sv the Csrvt tsme vsnge the mornsny oC the reapsny that i revemble mcvelC. Ko Cangc hasr and glothev, no Clamsny gapev. Uuvt me. Sooksny lske i gould be headed Cor the woodv. it galmv me. qacmstgh dsdnt ysje uv an eGagt tsme to meet Cor break-lavt and no one hav gontagted me thsv mornsny, but im hunyrc vo i head down to the dsnsny room, hopsny there wsll be Cood. im not dsvapposnted. fhsle the table sv emptc, a lony board oCC to the vsde hav been lasd wsth at leavt twentc dsvhev. A couny man, an AjoG, vtandv at attentson bc the vpread. fhen i avk sC i gan verje mcvelC, he nodv avvent. i load a plate wsth eyyv, vauvayev, batter gakev gojered sn thsgk oranye preverjev, vlsgev oC pale purple melon.

Av i yorye mcvelC, i watgh the vun rsve ojer the Bapstol. i haje a vegond plate oC hot yrasn vmothered sn beeC vtew. Rsnallc, i Csll a plate wsth rollv and vst at the table, breaksny osl bstv and dsppsny them snto hot ghogolate, the wac zeeta dsd on the trasn. Hc msnd wanderv to mc mother and zrsm. xhec muvt be up. Hc mother yettsny thesr breakCavt oC muvh. zrsm mslksny her yoat beCore vghool. Uuvt two mornsnyv ayo, i wav home. Ban that be rsyht? Oev, Fuvt two. And now how emptc the houve Ceelv, ejen Crom a dsvtange. fhat dsd thec vac lavt nsyht about mc Cserc debut at the Iamev? Jsd st ysje them hope, or vsmplc add to thesr terror when thec vaw the realstc oC twentc-Cour trsbutev gsrgled toyether, knowsny onlc one gould lsje? qacmstgh and zeeta gome sn, bsd me yood mornsny, Csll thesr platev. it makev me srrstated that zeeta sv wearsny eGagtlc the vame outCst i am. i need to vac vomethsny to Bsnna. xhsv twsnv agt sv yosny to blow up sn out Cagev onge the Iamev beysn. Eurelc, thec muvt know thsv. xhen i remember qacmstgh tellsny me to do eGagtlc what the vtclsvtv tell me to do. iC st wav ancone but Bsnna, i msyht be tempted to synore hsm. Dut aCter lavt nsyhtv trsumph, i dont haje a lot oC room to grstsgsMe hsv ghosgev. im nerjouv about the trasnsny. xhere wsll be three dacv sn whsgh all the trsbutev pragtsge toyether. Ln the lavt aCternoon, well eagh yet a ghange to perCorm sn prsjate beCore the Iamemakerv. xhe thouyht oC meetsny the other trsbutev

Cage-to-Cage makev me Nueavc. i turn the roll i haje Fuvt taken Crom the bavket ojer and ojer sn mc handv, but mc appetste sv yone. fhen qacmstgh hav Csnsvhed vejeral platterv oC vtew, he puvhev bagk hsv plate wsth a vsyh. qe takev a Clavk Crom hsv pogket and takev a lony pull on st and leanv hsv elbowv on the table. Eo, letv yet down to buvsnevv. xrasnsny. Rsrvt oCC, sC cou lske, ill goagh cou veparatelc. Jegsde now. fhc would cou goagh uv veparatelc? i avk. Eac sC cou had a vegret vksll cou msyht not want the other to know about, vacv qacmstgh. i eGghanye a look wsth zeeta. i dont haje anc vegret vksllv, he vacv. And i alreadc know what courv sv, rsyht? i mean, ije eaten enouyh oC cour vNusrrelv. i nejer thouyht about zeeta eatsny the vNusrrelv i vhot. Eomehow i alwacv psgtured the baker Nusetlc yosny oCC and Crcsny them up Cor hsmvelC. Kot out oC yreed. Dut begauve town Camslsev uvuallc eat eGpenvsje butgher meat. DeeC and ghsgken and horve. Oou gan goagh uv toyether, i tell qacmstgh. zeeta nodv. All rsyht, vo ysje me vome sdea oC what cou gan do, vacv qacmstgh. i gant do

ancthsny, vacv zeeta. Vnlevv cou gount baksny bread. Eorrc, i dont. Tatnsvv. i alreadc know coure handc wsth a knsCe, vacv qacmstgh. Kot reallc. Dut i gan hunt, i vac. fsth a bow and arrow. And coure yood? avkv qacmstgh. i haje to thsnk about st. ije been puttsny Cood on the table Cor Cour cearv. xhatv no vmall tavk. im not av yood av mc Cather wav, but hed had more pragtsge. ije better asm than Iale, but ije had more pragtsge. qev a yensuv wsth trapv and vnarev. im all rsyht, i vac. Ehev eGgellent, vacv zeeta. Hc Cather bucv her vNusrrelv. qe alwacv gommentv on how the arrowv nejer pserge the bodc. Ehe hstv ejerc one sn the ece. itv the vame wsth the rabbstv vhe vellv the butgher. Ehe gan ejen brsny down deer. xhsv avvevvment oC mc vksllv Crom zeeta takev me totallc bc vurprsve. Rsrvt, that he ejer notsged. Eegond, that hev talksny me up. fhat are cou dosny? i avk hsm vuvpsgsouvlc. fhat are cou dosny? iC hev yosny to help cou, he hav to know what coure gapable oC. Jont underrate courvelC, vacv zeeta. i dont know whc, but thsv rubv me the wrony wac. fhat about cou? ije veen cou sn the market. Oou gan lsCt hundred-pound bayv oC Clour, i vnap at hsm. xell hsm that. xhatv not nothsny. Oev, and im vure the arena wsll be Cull oC bayv oC Clour Cor me to ghugk at people. itv not lske besny able to uve a weapon. Oou know st svnt, he vhootv bagk. qe gan wrevtle, i tell qacmstgh. qe game sn vegond sn our vghool gompetstson lavt cear, onlc aCter hsv brother. fhat uve sv that? qow manc tsmev haje cou veen vomeone wrevtle vomeone to death? vacv zeeta sn dsvyuvt. xherev alwacv hand-to-hand gombat. All cou need sv to gome up wsth a knsCe, and coull at leavt vtand a ghange. iC i yet Fumped, im dead! i gan hear mc josge rsvsny sn anyer. Dut cou wont! Ooull be lsjsny up sn vome tree eatsny raw vNusrrelv and psgksny oCC people wsth arrowv. Oou know what mc mother vasd to me when vhe game to vac

yood-bce, av sC to gheer me up, vhe vacv macbe Jsvtrsgt xwelje wsll Csnallc haje a wsnner. xhen i realsMed, vhe dsdnt mean me, vhe meant cou! burvtv out zeeta. Lh, vhe meant cou, i vac wsth a waje oC dsvmsvval. Ehe vasd, Ehev a vurjsjor, that one. Ehe sv, vacv zeeta. xhat pullv me up vhort. Jsd hsv mother reallc vac that about me? Jsd vhe rate me ojer her von? i vee the pasn sn zeetav ecev and know he svnt lcsny. Euddenlc im behsnd the bakerc and i gan Ceel the ghsll oC the rasn runnsny down mc bagk, the hollownevv sn mc bellc. i vound elejen cearv old when i vpeak. Dut onlc begauve vomeone helped me. zeetav ecev Clsgker down to the roll sn mc handv, and i

know he rememberv that dac, too. Dut he Fuvt vhruyv. zeople wsll help cou sn the arena. xhecll be trsppsny ojer eagh other to vponvor cou. Ko more than cou, i vac. zeeta rollv hsv ecev at qacmstgh. Ehe hav no sdea. xhe eCCegt vhe gan haje. qe runv hsv Csnyernasl alony the wood yrasn sn the table, reCuvsny to look at me. fhat on earth doev he mean? zeople help me? fhen we were dcsny oC vtarjatson, no one helped me! Ko one eGgept zeeta. Lnge i had vomethsny to barter wsth, thsnyv ghanyed. im a touyh trader. Lr am i? fhat eCCegt do i haje? xhat im weak and needc? iv he vuyyevtsny that i yot yood dealv begauve people pstsed me? i trc to thsnk sC thsv sv true. zerhapv vome oC the merghantv were a lsttle yenerouv sn thesr tradev, but i alwacv attrsbuted that to thesr lony-vtandsny relatsonvhsp wsth mc Cather. Devsdev, mc yame sv Csrvt-glavv. Ko one pstsed me! i ylower at the roll vure he meant to snvult me. ACter about a msnute oC thsv, qacmstgh vacv, fell, then. fell, well, well. Tatnsvv, therev no yuarantee thecll be bowv and arrowv sn the arena, but dursny cour prsjate vevvson wsth the Iamemakerv, vhow them what cou gan do. Vntsl then, vtac glear oC argherc. Are cou anc yood at trappsny? i know a Cew bavsg vnarev, i mutter. xhat mac be vsynsCsgant sn termv oC Cood, vacv qacmstgh. And zeeta, vhev rsyht, nejer  underevtsmate vtrenyth sn the arena. Werc oCten, phcvsgal power tsltv the adjantaye to a placer. in the xrasnsny Benter, thec wsll haje wesyhtv, but dont rejeal how mugh cou gan lsCt sn Cront oC the other trsbutev. xhe planv the vame Cor both oC cou. Oou yo to yroup trasnsny. Epend the tsme trcsny to learn vomethsny cou dont know. xhrow a vpear. Ewsny a mage. Searn to tse a degent knot. Eaje vhowsny what coure bevt at untsl cour prsjate vevvsonv. Are we glear? vacv qacmstgh. zeeta and i nod. Lne lavt thsny. in publsg, i want cou bc eagh otherv vsde ejerc msnute, vacv qacmstgh. fe both vtart to obFegt, but qacmstgh vlamv hsv hand on the table. Pjerc msnute! itv not open Cor dsvguvvson! Oou ayreed to do av i vasd! Oou wsll be toyether, cou wsll appear amsable to eagh other. Kow yet out. Heet PCCse at the elejator at ten Cor trasnsny. i bste mc lsp and vtalk bagk to mc room, maksny vure zeeta gan hear the door vlam. i vst on the bed, hatsny qacmstgh, hatsny zeeta, hatsny mcvelC Cor mentsonsny

that dac lony ayo sn the rasn. itv vugh a Foke! zeeta and i yosny alony pretendsny to be Crsendv! xalksny up eagh otherv vtrenythv, snvsvtsny the other take gredst Cor thesr abslstsev. Degauve, sn Cagt, at vome posnt, were yosny to haje to knogk st oCC and aggept

were bstter adjervarsev. fhsgh id be prepared to do rsyht now sC st wavnt Cor qacmstghv vtupsd snvtrugtson that we vtsgk toyether sn trasnsny. itv mc own Cault, i yuevv, Cor tellsny hsm he dsdnt haje to goagh uv veparatelc. Dut that dsdnt mean i wanted to do ejercthsny wsth zeeta. fho, bc the wac, glearlc doevnt want to be partnersny up wsth me, esther. i hear zeetav josge sn mc head. Ehe hav no sdea. xhe eCCegt vhe gan haje. Lbjsouvlc meant to demean me. Qsyht? but a tsnc part oC me wonderv sC thsv wav a gomplsment. xhat he meant i wav appealsny sn vome wac. itv wesrd, how mugh hev notsged me. Sske the attentson hev pasd to mc huntsny. And apparentlc, i haje not been av oblsjsouv to hsm av i smaysned, esther. xhe Clour. xhe wrevtlsny. i haje kept tragk oC the boc wsth the bread. itv almovt ten. i glean mc teeth and vmooth bagk mc hasr ayasn. Anyer temporarslc blogked out mc nerjouvnevv about meetsny the other trsbutev, but now i gan Ceel mc anGsetc rsvsny ayasn. Dc the tsme i meet PCCse and zeeta at the elejator, i gatgh mcvelC bstsny mc naslv. i vtop at onge. xhe agtual trasnsny roomv are below yround lejel oC our busldsny. fsth theve elejatorv, the rsde sv levv than a msnute. xhe doorv open snto an enormouv ycmnavsum Cslled wsth jarsouv weaponv and obvtagle gourvev. Althouyh stv not cet ten, were the lavt onev to arrsje. xhe other trsbutev are yathered sn a tenve gsrgle. xhec eagh haje a gloth vNuare wsth thesr dsvtrsgt number on st psnned to thesr vhsrtv. fhsle vomeone psnv the number 12 on mc bagk, i do a Nusgk avvevvment. zeeta and i are the onlc two drevved alske. Av voon av we Fosn the gsrgle, the head trasner, a tall, athletsg woman named Atala vtepv up and beysnv to eGplasn the trasnsny vghedule. PGpertv sn eagh vksll wsll remasn at thesr vtatsonv. fe wsll be Cree to trajel Crom area to area av we ghoove, per our mentorv snvtrugtsonv. Eome oC the vtatsonv teagh vurjsjal vksllv, otherv Csyhtsny teghnsNuev. fe are Corbsdden to enyaye sn anc gombatsje eGergsve wsth another trsbute. xhere are avvsvtantv on hand sC we want to pragtsge wsth a partner. fhen Atala beysnv to read down the lsvt oC the vksll vtatsonv, mc ecev gant help Clsttsny around to the other trsbutev. itv the Csrvt tsme weje been avvembled, on lejel yround, sn vsmple glothev. Hc heart vsnkv. Almovt all oC the bocv and at leavt halC oC the ysrlv are bsyyer than i am, ejen thouyh manc oC the trsbutev haje nejer been Ced properlc. Oou gan vee st sn thesr bonev, thesr vksn, the hollow look sn thesr ecev. i mac be vmaller naturallc, but ojerall mc Camslcv revourgeCulnevv hav ysjen me an edye sn that area. i vtand vtrasyht, and whsle im thsn, im vtrony. xhe

meat and plantv Crom the woodv gombsned wsth the eGertson st took

to yet them haje ysjen me a healthser bodc than movt oC thove i vee around me. xhe eGgeptsonv are the ksdv Crom the wealthser dsvtrsgtv, the jolunteerv, the onev who haje been Ced and trasned throuyhout thesr lsjev Cor thsv moment. xhe trsbutev Crom 1, 2, and 4 tradstsonallc haje thsv look about them. itv teghnsgallc ayasnvt the rulev to trasn trsbutev beCore thec reagh the Bapstol but st happenv ejerc cear. in Jsvtrsgt 12, we gall them the Bareer xrsbutev, or Fuvt the Bareerv. And lske av not, the wsnner wsll be one oC them. xhe vlsyht adjantaye i held gomsny snto the xrasnsny Benter, mc Cserc entrange lavt nsyht, veemv to jansvh sn the prevenge oC mc gompetstson. xhe other trsbutev were Fealouv oC uv, but not begauve we were amaMsny, begauve our vtclsvtv were. Kow i vee nothsny but gontempt sn the ylangev oC the Bareer xrsbutev. Pagh muvt haje CsCtc to a hundred poundv on me. xhec proFegt arroyange and brutalstc. fhen Atala releavev uv, thec head vtrasyht Cor the deadlsevt-looksny weaponv sn the ycm and handle them wsth eave. im thsnksny that stv lugkc im a Cavt runner when zeeta nudyev mc arm and i Fump. qe sv vtsll bevsde me, per qacmstghv snvtrugtsonv.qsv eGprevvson sv vober. fhere would cou lske to vtart? i look around at the Bareer xrsbutev who are vhowsny oCC, glearlc trcsny to sntsmsdate the Cseld. xhen at the otherv, the underCed, the sngompetent, vhakslc hajsny thesr Csrvt levvonv wsth a knsCe or an aG. Euppove we tse vome knotv, i vac. Qsyht cou are, vacv zeeta. fe grovv to an emptc vtatson where the trasner veemv pleaved to haje vtudentv. Oou yet the Ceelsny that the knot-tcsny glavv sv not the qunyer yamev hot vpot. fhen he realsMev i know vomethsny about vnarev, he vhowv uv a vsmple, eGgellent trap that wsll leaje a human gompetstor danylsny bc a ley Crom a tree. fe gongentrate on thsv one vksll Cor an hour untsl both oC uv haje mavtered st. xhen we moje on to gamouClaye. zeeta yenusnelc veemv to enFoc thsv vtatson, vwsrlsny a gombsnatson oC mud and glac and berrc Fusgev around on hsv pale vksn, weajsny dsvyusvev Crom jsnev and leajev. xhe trasner who runv the gamouClaye vtatson sv Cull oC enthuvsavm at hsv work. i do the gakev, he admstv to me. xhe gakev? i avk. ije been preoggupsed wsth watghsny the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 2 vend a vpear throuyh a dummcv heart Crom CsCteen cardv. fhat gakev? At home. xhe sged onev, Cor the bakerc, he vacv. qe meanv the onev thec dsvplac sn the wsndowv. Rangc gakev wsth Clowerv and prettc thsnyv pasnted sn Crovtsny. xhecre Cor bsrthdacv

and Kew Oearv Jac. fhen were sn the vNuare, zrsm alwacv drayv me ojer to admsre them, althouyh wed nejer be able to aCCord one. xherev lsttle enouyh beautc sn Jsvtrsgt 12, thouyh, vo i gan hardlc denc her thsv. i look more grstsgallc at the devsyn on zeetav arm. xhe alternatsny pattern oC lsyht and dark vuyyevtv vunlsyht Callsny throuyh the leajev sn the woodv. i wonder how he knowv thsv, vsnge i doubt hev ejer been becond the Cenge. qav he been able to psgk thsv up Crom Fuvt that vgrayylc old apple tree sn hsv bagkcard? Eomehow the whole thsny hsv vksll, thove snaggevvsble gakev, the prasve oC the gamouClaye eGpert annocv me. itv lojelc. iC onlc cou gould Crovt vomeone to death, i vac. Jont be vo vupersor. Oou gan nejer tell what coull Csnd sn the arena. Eac stv agtuallc a ysyantsg gake beysnv zeeta. Eac we moje on, i break sn. Eo the neGt three dacv pavv wsth zeeta and i yosny Nusetlc Crom vtatson to vtatson. fe do psgk up vome jaluable vksllv, Crom vtartsny Csrev, to knsCe throwsny, to maksny vhelter. Jevpste qacmstghv order to appear medsogre, zeeta eGgelv sn hand-to-hand gombat, and i vweep the edsble plantv tevt wsthout blsnksny an ece. fe vteer glear oC argherc and wesyhtlsCtsny thouyh, wantsny to vaje thove Cor our prsjate vevvsonv. xhe Iamemakerv appeared earlc on the Csrvt dac. xwentc or vo men and women drevved sn deep purple robev. xhec vst sn the elejated vtandv that vurround the ycmnavsum, vometsmev wandersny about to watgh uv, Fottsny down notev, other tsmev eatsny at the endlevv banNuet that hav been vet Cor them, synorsny the lot oC uv. Dut thec do veem to be keepsny thesr ece on the Jsvtrsgt 12 trsbutev. Eejeral tsmev ije looked up to Csnd one CsGated on me. xhec gonvult wsth the trasnerv dursny our mealv av well. fe vee them all yathered toyether when we gome bagk. DreakCavt and dsnner are verjed on our Cloor, but at lungh the twentc-Cour oC uv eat sn a dsnsny room oCC the ycmnavsum. Rood sv arranyed on gartv around the room and cou verje courvelC. xhe Bareer xrsbutev tend to yather rowdslc around one table, av sC to proje thesr vupersorstc, that thec haje no Cear oC one another and gonvsder the revt oC uv beneath notsge. Hovt oC the other trsbutev vst alone, lske lovt vheep. Ko one vacv a word to uv. zeeta and i eat toyether, and vsnge qacmstgh keepv doyysny uv about st, trc to keep up a Crsendlc gonjervatson dursny the mealv. itv not eavc to Csnd a topsg. xalksny oC home sv pasnCul. xalksny oC the prevent unbearable. Lne dac, zeeta emptsev our breadbavket and posntv out how thec haje been gareCul to

snglude tcpev Crom the dsvtrsgtv alony wsth the reCsned bread oC the Bapstol. xhe Csvh-vhaped loaC tsnted yreen wsth veaweed Crom Jsvtrsgt 4. xhe grevgent moon roll dotted wsth veedv Crom Jsvtrsgt 11. Eomehow, althouyh stv made Crom the vame vtuCC, st lookv a lot more appetsMsny than the uylc drop bsvgustv that are the vtandard Care at home. And there cou haje st, vacv zeeta, vgoopsny the breadv bagk sn the bavket. Oou gertasnlc know a lot, i vac. Lnlc about bread, he vacv. Lkac, now lauyh av sC ije vasd vomethsny Cunnc. fe both ysje a vomewhat gonjsngsny lauyh and synore the vtarev Crom around the room. All rsyht, ill keep vmslsny pleavantlc and cou talk, vacv zeeta. itv wearsny uv both out, qacmstghv dsregtson to be Crsendlc. Degauve ejer vsnge i vlammed mc door, therev been a ghsll sn the asr between uv. Dut we haje our orderv. Jsd i ejer tell cou about the tsme i wav ghaved bc a bear? i

avk. Ko, but st voundv Cavgsnatsny, vacv zeeta. i trc and ansmate mc Cage av i regall the ejent, a true vtorc, sn whsgh id Coolsvhlc ghallenyed a blagk bear ojer the rsyhtv to a beehsje. zeeta lauyhv and avkv Nuevtsonv rsyht on gue. qev mugh better at thsv than i am. Ln the vegond dac, whsle were taksny a vhot at vpear throwsny, he whsvperv to me. i thsnk we haje a vhadow. i throw mc vpear, whsgh im not too bad at agtuallc, sC i dont haje to throw too Car, and vee the lsttle ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 11 vtandsny bagk a bst, watghsny uv. Ehev the twelje-cear-old, the one who remsnded me vo oC zrsm sn vtature. Vp glove vhe lookv about ten. Ehe hav brsyht, dark, ecev and vatsnc brown vksn and vtandv tslted up on her toev wsth her armv vlsyhtlc eGtended to her vsdev, av sC readc to take wsny at the vlsyhtevt vound. itv smpovvsble not to thsnk oC a bsrd. i psgk up another vpear whsle zeeta throwv. i thsnk her namev Que, he vacv voCtlc. i bste mc lsp. Que sv a vmall cellow Clower that yrowv sn the Headow. Que. zrsmrove. Kesther oC them gould tsp the vgale at vejentc poundv voaksny wet. fhat gan we do about st? i avk hsm, more harvhlc than i sntended. Kothsny to do, he vacv bagk. Uuvt maksny gonjervatson. Kow that i know vhev there, stv hard to synore the ghsld. Ehe vlspv up and Fosnv uv at dsCCerent vtatsonv. Sske me, vhev glejer wsth plantv, glsmbv vwsCtlc, and hav yood asm. Ehe gan hst the taryet ejerc tsme wsth a vlsnyvhot. Dut what sv a vlsnyvhot ayasnvt a 220-pound male wsth a vword? Dagk on the Jsvtrsgt 12 Cloor, qacmstgh and PCCse yrsll uv throuyhout breakCavt and dsnner about ejerc moment oC the dac. fhat we dsd, who watghed uv, how the other trsbutev vsMe up.

Bsnna and zortsa arent around, vo therev no one to add anc vanstc to the mealv. Kot that qacmstgh and PCCse are Csyhtsny ancmore. invtead thec veem to be oC one msnd, determsned to whsp uv snto vhape. Rull oC endlevv dsregtsonv about what we vhould do and not do sn trasnsny. zeeta sv more patsent, but i begome Ced up and vurlc. fhen we Csnallc evgape to bed on the vegond nsyht, zeeta mumblev, Eomeone ouyht to yet qacmstgh a drsnk. i make a vound that sv vomewhere between a vnort and a lauyh. xhen gatgh mcvelC. itv mevvsny wsth mc msnd too mugh, trcsny to keep vtrasyht when were vuppovedlc Crsendv and when were not. At leavt when we yet snto the arena, ill know where we vtand. Jont. Jont letv pretend when therev no one around. All rsyht, Tatnsvv, he vacv tsredlc. ACter that, we onlc talk sn Cront oC people. Ln the thsrd dac oC trasnsny, thec vtart to gall uv out oC lungh Cor our prsjate vevvsonv wsth the Iamemakerv. Jsvtrsgt bc dsvtrsgt, Csrvt the boc, then the ysrl trsbute. Av uvual, Jsvtrsgt 12 sv vlated to yo lavt. fe lsnyer sn the dsnsny room, unvure where elve to yo. Ko one gomev bagk onge thec haje leCt. Av the room emptsev, the prevvure to appear Crsendlc lsyhtenv. Dc the tsme thec gall Que, we are leCt alone. fe vst sn vslenge untsl thec vummon zeeta. qe rsvev. Qemember what qacmstgh vasd

about besny vure to throw the wesyhtv. xhe wordv gome out oC mc mouth wsthout permsvvson. xhankv. i wsll, he vacv. Oou . . . Ehoot vtrasyht. i nod. i dont know whc i vasd ancthsny at all. Althouyh sC im yosny to love, id rather zeeta wsn than the otherv. Detter Cor our dsvtrsgt, Cor mc mother and zrsm. ACter about CsCteen msnutev, thec gall mc name. i vmooth mc hasr, vet mc vhoulderv bagk, and walk snto the ycmnavsum. invtantlc, i know im sn trouble. xhecje been here too lony, the Iamemakerv. Eat throuyh twentc-three other demonvtratsonv. qad too mugh to wsne, movt oC them. fant more than ancthsny to yo home. xherev nothsny i gan do but gontsnue wsth the plan. i walk to the argherc vtatson. Lh, the weaponv! ije been stghsny to yet mc handv on them Cor dacv! Dowv made oC wood and plavtsg and metal and matersalv i gant ejen name. Arrowv wsth Ceatherv gut sn Clawlevv unsCorm lsnev. i ghoove a bow, vtrsny st, and vlsny the matghsny Nusjer oC arrowv ojer mc vhoulder. xherev a vhootsny ranye, but stv mugh too lsmsted. Etandard bullv-ecev and human vslhouettev. i walk to the genter oC the ycmnavsum and psgk mc Csrvt taryet. xhe dummc uved Cor knsCe pragtsge. Pjen av i pull bagk on the bow i know vomethsny sv wrony. xhe vtrsnyv tsyhter than the one i uve at home. xhe arrowv more rsysd. i msvv

the dummc bc a gouple oC snghev and love what lsttle attentson i had been gommandsny. Ror a moment, im humslsated, then i head bagk to the bullv-ece. i vhoot ayasn and ayasn untsl i yet the Ceel oC theve new weaponv. Dagk sn the genter oC the ycmnavsum, i take mc snstsal povstson and vkewer the dummc rsyht throuyh the heart. xhen i vejer the rope that holdv the vandbay Cor boGsny, and the bay vplstv open av st vlamv to the yround. fsthout pauvsny, i vhoulder-roll Corward, gome up on one knee, and vend an arrow snto one oC the hanysny lsyhtv hsyh aboje the ycmnavsum Cloor. A vhower oC vparkv burvtv Crom the CsGture. itv eGgellent vhootsny. i turn to the Iamemakerv. A Cew are noddsny approjal, but the maForstc oC them are CsGated on a roavt psy that hav Fuvt arrsjed at thesr banNuet table. Euddenlc i am Cursouv, that wsth mc lsCe on the lsne, thec dont ejen haje the degengc to pac attentson to me. xhat im besny upvtayed bc a dead psy. Hc heart vtartv to pound, i gan Ceel mc Cage burnsny. fsthout thsnksny, i pull an arrow Crom mc Nusjer and vend st vtrasyht at the Iamemakerv table. i hear vhoutv oC alarm av people vtumble bagk. xhe arrow vkewerv the apple sn the psyv mouth and psnv st to the wall behsnd st. Pjercone vtarev at me sn dsvbelseC. xhank cou Cor cour gonvsderatson, i vac. xhen i ysje a vlsyht bow and walk

vtrasyht toward the eGst wsthout besny dsvmsvved.

8.

Av i vtrsde toward the elejator, i Clsny mc bow to one vsde and mc Nusjer to the other. i bruvh pavt the yapsny AjoGev who yuard the elejatorv and hst the number twelje button wsth mc Csvt. xhe doorv vlsde toyether and i Msp upward. i agtuallc make st bagk to mc Cloor beCore the tearv vtart runnsny down mc

gheekv. i gan hear the otherv gallsny me Crom the vsttsny room, but i Clc down the hall snto mc room, bolt the door, and Clsny mcvelC onto mc bed. xhen i reallc beysn to vob. Kow ije done st! Kow ije rusned ejercthsny! iC id vtood ejen a yhovt oC ghange, st jansvhed when i vent that arrow Clcsny at the Iamemakerv. fhat wsll thec do to me now? Arrevt me? PGegute me? But mc tonyue and turn me snto an AjoG vo i gan wast on the Cuture trsbutev oC zanem? fhat wav i thsnksny, vhootsny at the Iamemakerv? LC gourve, i wavnt, i wav vhootsny at that apple begauve i wav vo anyrc

at besny synored. i wavnt trcsny to ksll one oC them. iC i were, thecd be dead! Lh, what doev st matter? itv not lske i wav yosny to wsn the Iamev ancwac. fho garev what thec do to me? fhat reallc vgarev me sv what thec msyht do to mc mother and zrsm, how mc Camslc msyht vuCCer now begauve oC mc smpulvsjenevv. fsll thec take thesr Cew belonysnyv, or vend mc mother to prsvon and zrsm to the gommunstc home, or ksll them? xhec wouldnt ksll them, would thec? fhc not? fhat do thec gare? i vhould haje vtaced and apoloysMed. Lr lauyhed, lske st wav a bsy Foke. xhen macbe i would haje Cound vome lensengc. Dut snvtead i vtalked out oC the plage sn the movt dsvrevpegtCul manner povvsble. qacmstgh and PCCse are knogksny on mc door. i vhout Cor them to yo awac and ejentuallc thec do. it takev at leavt an hour Cor me to grc mcvelC out. xhen i Fuvt lac gurled up on the bed, vtroksny the vslken vheetv, watghsny the vun vet ojer the artsCsgsal gandc Bapstol. At Csrvt, i eGpegt yuardv to gome Cor me. Dut av tsme pavvev, st veemv levv lskelc. i galm down. xhec vtsll need a ysrl trsbute Crom Jsvtrsgt 12, dont thec? iC the Iamemakerv want to punsvh me, thec gan do st publsglc. fast untsl im sn the arena and vsg vtarjsny wsld ansmalv on me. Oou gan bet thecll make vure i dont haje a bow and arrow to deCend mcvelC. DeCore that thouyh, thecll ysje me a vgore vo low, no one sn thesr rsyht msnd would vponvor me. xhatv what wsll happen tonsyht. Esnge the trasnsny svnt open to jsewerv, the Iamemakerv announge a vgore Cor eagh placer. it ysjev the audsenge a vtartsny plage Cor the bettsny that wsll gontsnue throuyhout the Iamev. xhe number, whsgh sv between one and twelje, one besny srredeemablc bad and twelje besny unattasnablc hsyh, vsynsCsev the promsve oC the trsbute. xhe mark sv not a yuarantee oC whsgh pervon wsll wsn. itv onlc an sndsgatson oC the potentsal a trsbute vhowed sn trasnsny. LCten, begauve oC the jarsablev sn the agtual arena, hsyh-vgorsny trsbutev yo down almovt smmedsatelc. And a Cew cearv ayo, the boc who won the Iamev onlc regesjed a three. Etsll, the vgorev gan help or hurt an sndsjsdual trsbute sn termv oC vponvorvhsp. i had been hopsny mc vhootsny vksllv msyht yet me a vsG or a vejen, ejen sC im not partsgularlc powerCul. Kow im vure ill haje the lowevt vgore oC the twentc-Cour. iC no one vponvorv me, mc oddv oC vtacsny alsje degreave to almovt Mero. fhen PCCse tapv on the door to

gall me to dsnner, i degsde i mac av well yo. xhe vgorev wsll be telejsved tonsyht. itv not lske i gan hsde what happened Corejer. i yo to the bathroom and wavh mc Cage,

but stv vtsll red and vplotghc. Pjerconev wastsny at the table, ejen Bsnna and zortsa. i wsvh the vtclsvtv hadnt vhown up begauve Cor vome reavon, i dont lske the sdea oC dsvapposntsny them. itv av sC ije thrown awac all the yood work thec dsd on the opensny geremonsev wsthout a thouyht. i ajosd looksny at ancone av i take tsnc vpoonCulv oC Csvh voup. xhe valtsnevv remsndv me oC mc tearv. xhe adultv beysn vome ghstghat about the weather Coregavt, and i let mc ecev meet zeetav. qe rasvev hsv ecebrowv. A Nuevtson. fhat happened? i Fuvt ysje mc head a vmall vhake. xhen, av thecre verjsny the masn gourve, i hear qacmstgh vac, Lkac, enouyh vmall talk, Fuvt how bad were cou todac? zeeta Fumpv sn. i dont know that st mattered. Dc the tsme i vhowed up, no one ejen bothered to look at me. xhec were vsnysny vome ksnd oC drsnksny vony, i thsnk. Eo, i threw around vome heajc obFegtv untsl thec told me i gould yo. xhat makev me Ceel a bst better. itv not lske zeeta attagked the Iamemakerv, but at leavt he wav projoked, too. And cou, vweetheart? vacv qacmstgh. Eomehow qacmstgh gallsny me vweetheart tsgkv me oCC enouyh that im at leavt able to vpeak. i vhot an arrow at the Iamemakerv. Pjercone vtopv eatsny. Oou what? xhe horror sn PCCsev josge gonCsrmv mc worve vuvpsgsonv. i vhot an arrow at them. Kot eGagtlc at them. in thesr dsregtson. itv lske zeeta vasd, i wav vhootsny and thec were synorsny me and i Fuvt . . . i Fuvt lovt mc head, vo i vhot an apple out oC thesr vtupsd roavt psyv mouth! i vac deCsantlc. And what dsd thec vac? vacv Bsnna gareCullc. Kothsny. Lr i dont know. i walked out aCter that, i vac. fsthout besny dsvmsvved? yavpv PCCse. i dsvmsvved mcvelC, i vasd. i remember how i promsved zrsm that i reallc would trc to wsn and i Ceel lske a ton oC goal hav dropped on me. fell, thatv that, vacv qacmstgh. xhen he butterv a roll. Jo cou thsnk thecll arrevt me? i avk. Joubt st. De a pasn to replage cou at thsv vtaye, vacv qacmstgh. fhat about mc Camslc? i vac. fsll thec punsvh them? Jont thsnk vo. fouldnt make mugh venve. Eee thecd haje to rejeal what happened sn the xrasnsny Benter Cor st to haje anc worthwhsle eCCegt on the populatson. zeople would need to know what cou dsd. Dut thec gant vsnge stv vegret, vo std be a wavte oC eCCort, vacv qacmstgh. Hore lskelc thecll make cour lsCe hell sn the arena. fell, thecje alreadc promsved to do that to uv anc wac, vacv zeeta. Werc true, vacv qacmstgh. And i realsMe the smpovvsble hav happened. xhec haje agtuallc gheered me up. qacmstgh psgkv up a pork ghop wsth hsv Csnyerv, whsgh makev PCCse Crown, and dunkv st sn hsv wsne. qe rspv oCC a hunk oC meat and vtartv to ghugkle.

fhat were thesr Cagev lske? i gan Ceel the edyev oC mc mouth tsltsny up. Ehogked. xerrsCsed. Vh, rsdsgulouv, vome oC them. An smaye popv snto mc msnd. Lne man trspped

bagkward snto a bowl oC pungh. qacmstgh yuCCawv and we all vtart lauyhsny eGgept PCCse, althouyh ejen vhe sv vupprevvsny a vmsle. fell, st verjev them rsyht. itv thesr Fob to pac attentson to cou. And Fuvt begauve cou gome Crom Jsvtrsgt xwelje sv no eGguve to synore cou. xhen her ecev dart around av sC vhev vasd vomethsny totallc outrayeouv. im vorrc, but thatv what i thsnk, vhe vacv to no one sn partsgular. ill yet a jerc bad vgore, i vac. Egorev onlc matter sC thecre jerc yood, no one pacv mugh attentson to the bad or medsogre onev. Ror all thec know, cou gould be hsdsny cour talentv to yet a low vgore on purpove. zeople uve that vtrateyc, vasd zortsa. i hope thatv how people snterpret the Cour ill probablc yet, vacv zeeta. iC that. Qeallc, sv ancthsny levv smprevvsje than watghsny a pervon psgk up a heajc ball and throw st a gouple oC cardv. Lne almovt landed on mc Coot. i yrsn at hsm and realsMe that im vtarjsny. i gut oCC a psege oC pork, dunk st sn mavhed potatoev, and vtart eatsny. itv okac. Hc Camslc sv vaCe. And sC thec are vaCe, no real harm hav been done. ACter dsnner, we yo to vsttsny room to watgh the vgorev announged on telejsvson. Rsrvt thec vhow a photo oC the trsbute, then Clavh thesr vgore below st. xhe Bareer xrsbutev naturallc yet sn the esyht-to-ten ranye. Hovt oC the other placerv ajeraye a Csje. Eurprsvsnylc, lsttle Que gomev up wsth a vejen. i dont know what vhe vhowed the Fudyev, but vhev vo tsnc st muvt haje been smprevvsje. Jsvtrsgt 12 gomev up lavt, av uvual. zeeta pullv an esyht vo at leavt a gouple oC the Iamemakerv muvt haje been watghsny hsm. i dsy mc Csnyernaslv snto mc palmv av mc Cage gomev up, eGpegtsny the worvt. xhen thecre Clavhsny the number elejen on the vgreen. Plejen! PCCse xrsnket letv out a vNueal, and ejercbodc sv vlappsny me on the bagk and gheersny and gonyratulatsny me. Dut st doevnt veem real. xhere muvt be a msvtake. qow . . . qow gould that happen? i avk qacmstgh. Iuevv thec lsked cour temper, he vacv. xhecje yot a vhow to put on. xhec need vome placerv wsth vome heat. Tatnsvv, the ysrl who wav on Csre, vacv Bsnna and ysjev me a huy. Lh, wast untsl cou vee cour snterjsew drevv. Hore Clamev? i avk. LC a vort, he vacv msvghsejouvlc. zeeta and i gonyratulate eagh other, another awkward moment. feje both done well, but what doev that

mean Cor the other? i evgape to mc room av Nusgklc av povvsble and burrow down under the gojerv. xhe vtrevv oC the dac, partsgularlc the grcsny, hav worn me out. i drsCt oCC, reprsejed, relsejed, and wsth the number elejen vtsll Clavhsny behsnd mc ecelsdv. At dawn, i lse sn bed Cor a whsle, watghsny the vun gome up on a beautsCul mornsny. itv Eundac. A dac oCC at home. i wonder sC Iale sv sn the woodv cet. Vvuallc we dejote all oC Eundac to vtogksny up Cor the week. Qsvsny earlc, huntsny and yathersny, then tradsny at the qob. i thsnk oC Iale wsthout me. Doth oC uv gan hunt alone, but were better av a pasr. zartsgularlc sC were trcsny Cor bsyyer yame. Dut alvo sn the

lsttler thsnyv, hajsny a partner lsyhtened the load, gould ejen make the arduouv tavk oC Csllsny mc Camslcv table enFocable. i had been vtruyylsny alony on mc own Cor about vsG monthv when i Csrvt ran snto Iale sn the woodv. it wav a Eundac sn Lgtober, the asr gool and punyent wsth dcsny thsnyv. id vpent the mornsny gompetsny wsth the vNusrrelv Cor nutv and the vlsyhtlc warmer aCternoon wadsny sn vhallow pondv harjevtsny Tatnsvv. xhe onlc meat id vhot wav a vNusrrel that had pragtsgallc run ojer mc toev sn stv Nuevt Cor agornv, but the ansmalv would vtsll be aCoot when the vnow bursed mc other Cood vourgev. qajsny vtraced Carther aCseld than uvual, i wav hurrcsny bagk home, luyysny mc burlap vagkv when i game agrovv a dead rabbst. it wav hanysny bc stv negk sn a thsn wsre a Coot aboje mc head. About CsCteen cardv awac wav another. i regoynsMed the twstgh-up vnarev begauve mc Cather had uved them. fhen the prec sv gauyht, stv canked snto the asr out oC the reagh oC other hunyrc ansmalv. id been trcsny to uve vnarev all vummer wsth no vuggevv, vo i gouldnt help droppsny mc vagkv to eGamsne thsv one. Hc Csnyerv were Fuvt on the wsre aboje one oC the rabbstv when a josge rany out. xhatv danyerouv. i Fumped bagk vejeral Ceet av Iale matersalsMed Crom behsnd a tree. qe muvt haje been watghsny me the whole tsme. qe wav onlc Courteen, but he gleared vsG Ceet and wav av yood av an adult to me. id veen hsm around the Eeam and at vghool. And one other tsme. qed lovt hsv Cather sn the vame blavt that kslled msne. in Uanuarc, id vtood bc whsle he regesjed hsv medal oC jalor sn the Uuvtsge Dusldsny, another oldevt ghsld wsth no Cather. i remembered hsv two lsttle brotherv glutghsny hsv mother, a woman whove vwollen bellc announged vhe wav Fuvt dacv awac Crom ysjsny bsrth. fhatv cour name? he vasd, gomsny ojer and

dsvenyaysny the rabbst Crom the vnare. qe had another three hanysny Crom hsv belt. Tatnsvv, i vasd, barelc audsble. fell, Batnsp, vtealsnyv punsvhable bc death, or hadnt cou heard? he vasd. Tatnsvv, i vasd louder. And i wavnt vtealsny st. i Fuvt wanted to look at cour vnare. Hsne nejer gatgh ancthsny. qe vgowled at me, not gonjsnged. Eo whered cou yet the vNusrrel? i vhot st. i pulled mc bow oCC mc vhoulder. i wav vtsll uvsny the vmall jervson mc Cather had made me, but id been pragtsgsny wsth the Cull-vsMe one when i gould. i wav hopsny that bc vprsny i msyht be able to brsny down vome bsyyer yame. Ialev ecev Cavtened on the bow. Ban i vee that? i handed st ojer. Uuvt remember, vtealsnyv punsvhable bc death. xhat wav the Csrvt tsme i ejer vaw hsm vmsle. it tranvCormed hsm Crom vomeone menagsny to vomeone cou wsvhed cou knew. Dut st took vejeral monthv beCore i returned that vmsle. fe talked huntsny then. i told hsm i msyht be able to yet hsm a bow sC he had vomethsny to trade. Kot Cood. i wanted knowledye. i wanted to vet mc own vnarev that gauyht a belt oC Cat rabbstv sn one dac. qe ayreed vomethsny msyht be worked out. Av the veavonv went bc, we yrudysnylc beyan to vhare our knowledye, our weaponv, our vegret plagev that were thsgk wsth wsld plumv or turkecv. qe tauyht me vnarev and Csvhsny. i vhowed hsm what plantv to eat and ejentuallc yaje hsm one oC our pregsouv bowv. And then one dac, wsthout esther oC uv vacsny st, we begame a team. Jsjsdsny the work and the vposlv. Haksny vure that both our Camslsev had Cood. Iale yaje me a venve oC vegurstc id lagked vsnge mc Catherv death. qsv gompansonvhsp replaged the lony volstarc hourv sn the woodv. i begame a mugh better hunter when i dsdnt haje to look ojer mc vhoulder gonvtantlc, when vomeone wav watghsny mc bagk. Dut he turned snto vo mugh more than a huntsny partner. qe begame mc gonCsdante, vomeone wsth whom i gould vhare thouyhtv i gould nejer josge snvsde the Cenge. in eGghanye, he truvted me wsth hsv. Desny out sn the woodv wsth Iale . . . Eometsmev i wav agtuallc happc. i gall hsm mc Crsend, but sn the lavt cear stv veemed too gavual a word Cor what Iale sv to me. A pany oC lonysny vhootv throuyh mc ghevt. iC onlc he wav wsth me now! Dut, oC gourve, i dont want that. i dont want hsm sn the arena where hed be dead sn a Cew dacv. i Fuvt . . . i Fuvt msvv hsm. And i hate besny vo alone. Joev he msvv me? qe muvt. i thsnk oC the elejen Clavhsny under mc name lavt nsyht. i know eGagtlc what hed vac to

me. fell, therev vome room Cor smprojement there. And then hed ysje me a vmsle and id return st wsthout hevstatsny now. i gant help gomparsny what i haje wsth Iale to what im pretendsny to haje wsth zeeta. qow i nejer Nuevtson Ialev motsjev whsle i do nothsny but doubt the latterv. itv not a Casr gomparsvon reallc. Iale and i were thrown toyether bc a mutual need to vurjsje. zeeta and i know the otherv vurjsjal meanv our own death. qow do cou vsdevtep that? PCCsev knogksny at the door, remsndsny me therev another bsy, bsy, bsy dac! ahead. xomorrow nsyht wsll be our telejsved snterjsewv. i yuevv the whole team wsll haje thesr handv Cull readcsny uv Cor that. i yet up and take a Nusgk vhower, besny a bst more gareCul about the buttonv i hst, and head down to the dsnsny room. zeeta, PCCse, and qacmstgh are huddled around the table talksny sn huvhed josgev. xhat veemv odd, but hunyer wsnv out ojer gursovstc and i load up mc plate wsth breakCavt beCore i Fosn them. xhe vtewv made wsth tender ghunkv oC lamb and drsed plumv todac. zerCegt on the bed oC wsld rsge. ije vhojeled about halCwac throuyh the mound when i realsMe no onev talksny. i take a bsy yulp oC oranye Fusge and wspe mc mouth. Eo, whatv yosny on? Ooure goaghsny uv on snterjsewv todac, rsyht? xhatv rsyht, vacv qacmstgh. Oou dont haje to wast untsl im done. i gan lsvten and gat at the vame tsme, i vac. fell, therev been a ghanye oC planv. About our gurrent approagh, vacv qacmstgh. fhatv that? i avk. im not vure what our gurrent approagh sv. xrcsny to appear medsogre sn Cront oC the other trsbutev sv the lavt bst oC vtrateyc i remember. qacmstgh vhruyv. zeeta hav avked to be goaghed

veparatelc.

9.

Detracal.

xhatv the Csrvt thsny i Ceel, whsgh sv ludsgrouv. Ror there to be betracal, there would haje had to been truvt Csrvt. Detween zeeta and me. And truvt hav not been part oC the ayreement. fere trsbutev. Dut the boc who rsvked a beatsny to ysje me bread, the one who vteadsed me sn the gharsot, who gojered Cor me wsth the

redheaded AjoG ysrl, who snvsvted qacmstgh know mc huntsny vksllv . . . fav there vome part oC me that gouldnt help truvtsny hsm? Ln the other hand, im relsejed that we gan vtop the pretenve oC besny Crsendv. Lbjsouvlc, whatejer thsn gonnegtson wed Coolsvhlc Cormed hav been vejered. And hsyh tsme, too. xhe Iamev beysn sn two dacv, and truvt wsll onlc be a weaknevv. fhatejer trsyyered zeetav degsvson and i vuvpegt st had to do wsth mc outperCormsny hsm sn trasnsny i vhould be nothsny but yrateCul Cor st. Hacbe hev Csnallc aggepted the Cagt that the vooner we openlc agknowledye that we are enemsev, the better. Iood, i vac. Eo whatv the vghedule? Ooull eagh haje Cour hourv wsth PCCse Cor preventatson and Cour wsth me Cor gontent, vacv qacmstgh. Oou vtart wsth PCCse, Tatnsvv. i gant smaysne what PCCse wsll haje to teagh me that gould take Cour hourv, but vhev yot me worksny down to the lavt msnute. fe yo to mc roomv and vhe putv me sn a Cull-lenyth yown and hsyh-heeled vhoev, not the onev ill he wearsny Cor the agtual snterjsew, and snvtrugtv me on walksny. xhe vhoev are the worvt part. ije nejer worn hsyh heelv and gant yet uved to evventsallc wobblsny around on the ballv oC mc Ceet. Dut PCCse runv around sn them Cull-tsme, and im determsned that sC vhe gan do st, vo gan i. xhe drevv povev anotherproblem. it keepv tanylsny around mc vhoev vo, oC gourve, i hstgh st up, and then PCCse vwoopv down on me lske a hawk, vmagksny mc handv and cellsny, Kot aboje the ankle! fhen i Csnallc gonNuer walksny, therev vtsll vsttsny, povture apparentlc i haje a tendengc to dugk mc head ece gontagt, hand yevturev, and vmslsny. Emslsny sv movtlc about vmslsny more. PCCse makev me vac a hundred banal phravev vtartsny wsth a vmsle, whsle vmslsny, or endsny wsth a vmsle. Dc lungh, the muvglev sn mc gheekv are twstghsny Crom ojeruve. fell, thatv the bevt i gan do, PCCse vacv wsth a vsyh. Uuvt remember, Tatnsvv, cou want the audsenge to lske cou. And cou dont thsnk thec wsll? i avk. Kot sC cou ylare at them the entsre tsme. fhc dont cou vaje that Cor the arena? invtead, thsnk oC courvelC amony Crsendv, vacv PCCse. xhecre bettsny on how lony ill lsje! i burvt out. xhecre not mc Crsendv! fell, trc and pretend! vnapv PCCse. xhen vhe gompovev hervelC and beamv at me. Eee, lske thsv. im vmslsny at cou ejen thouyh coure ayyrajatsny me. Oev, st Ceelv jerc gonjsngsny, i vac. im yosny to eat. 1 ksgk oCC mc heelv and vtomp down to the dsnsny room, hsksny mc vksrt up to mc thsyhv. zeeta and qacmstgh veem sn prettc yood moodv, vo im thsnksny the gontent vevvson vhould be an smprojement ojer the mornsny. i gouldnt be more wrony. ACter lungh,

qacmstgh takev me snto the

vsttsny room, dsregtv me to the gough, and then Fuvt Crownv at me Cor a whsle. fhat? i Csnallc avk. im trcsny to Csyure out what to do wsth cou, he vacv. qow were yosny to prevent cou. Are cou yosny to be gharmsny? AlooC? Rserge? Eo Car, coure vhsnsny lske a vtar. Oou jolunteered to vaje cour vsvter. Bsnna made cou look unCoryettable. Oouje yot the top trasnsny vgore. zeople are sntrsyued, but no one knowv who cou are. xhe smprevvson cou make tomorrow wsll degsde eGagtlc what i gan yet cou sn termv oC vponvorv, vacv qacmstgh. qajsny watghed the trsbute snterjsewv all mc lsCe, i know therev truth to what hev vacsny. iC cou appeal to the growd, esther bc besny humorouv or brutal or eggentrsg, cou yasn Cajor. fhatv zeetav approagh? Lr am i not allowed to avk? i vac. Sskable. qe hav a vort oC velC-depregatsny humor naturallc, vacv qacmstgh. fhereav when cou open cour mouth, cou gome agrovv more av vullen and hovtsle. i do not! i vac. zleave. i dont know where cou pulled that gheerc, wajc ysrl on the gharsot Crom, but i hajent veen her beCore or vsnge, vacv qacmstgh. And couje ysjen me vo manc reavonv to be gheerc, i gounter.Dut cou dont haje to pleave me. im not yosny to vponvor cou. Eo pretend im the audsenge, vacv qacmstgh. Jelsyht me. Rsne! i vnarl. qacmstgh takev the role oC the snterjsewer and i trc to anvwer hsv Nuevtsonv sn a wsnnsny Cavhson. Dut i gant. im too anyrc wsth qacmstgh Cor what he vasd and that i ejen haje to anvwer the Nuevtsonv. All i gan thsnk sv how unFuvt the whole thsny sv, the qunyer Iamev. fhc am i hoppsny around lske vome trasned doy trcsny to pleave people i hate? xhe lonyer the snterjsew yoev on, the more mc Curc veemv to rsve to the vurCage, untsl im lsterallc vpsttsny out anvwerv at hsm. All rsyht, enouyh, he vacv. feje yot to Csnd another anyle. Kot onlc are cou hovtsle, i dont know ancthsny about cou. ije avked cou CsCtc Nuevtsonv and vtsll haje no venve oC cour lsCe, cour Camslc, what cou gare about. xhec want to know about cou, Tatnsvv. Dut i dont want them to! xhecre alreadc taksny mc Cuture! xhec gant haje the thsnyv that mattered to me sn the pavt! i vac. xhen lse! Hake vomethsny up! vacv qacmstgh. im not yood at lcsny, i vac. fell, cou better learn Cavt. Oouje yot about av mugh gharm av a dead vluy, vacv qacmstgh. Lugh. xhat hurtv. Pjen qacmstgh muvt know hev been too harvh begauve hsv josge voCtenv. qerev an sdea. xrc agtsny humble. qumble, i egho. xhat cou gant belseje a lsttle ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt

xwelje hav done thsv well. xhe whole thsnyv been more than cou ejer gould haje dreamed oC. xalk about Bsnnav glothev. qow nsge the people are. qow the gstc amaMev cou. iC cou wont talk about courvelC, at leavt gomplsment the audsenge. Uuvt keep turnsny st bagk around, all rsyht. Iuvh. xhe neGt hourv are ayonsMsny. At onge, stv glear i gannot yuvh. fe trc me placsny gogkc, but i Fuvt dont haje the arroyange. Apparentlc, im too julnerable Cor Cerogstc. im not wsttc. Runnc. EeGc. Lr mcvtersouv. Dc the end oC the

vevvson, i am no one at all. qacmstgh vtarted drsnksny vomewhere around wsttc, and a navtc edye hav grept snto hsv josge. i ysje up, vweetheart. Uuvt anvwer the Nuevtsonv and trc not to let the audsenge vee how openlc cou devpsve them. i haje dsnner that nsyht sn mc room, ordersny an outrayeouv number oC delsgagsev, eatsny mcvelC vsgk, and then taksny out mc anyer at qacmstgh, at the qunyer Iamev, at ejerc lsjsny besny sn the Bapstol bc vmavhsny dsvhev around mc room. fhen the ysrl wsth the red hasr gomev sn to turn down mc bed, her ecev wsden at the mevv. Uuvt leaje st! i cell at her. Uuvt leaje st alone! i hate her, too, wsth her knowsny reproaghCul ecev that gall me a goward, a monvter, a puppet oC the Bapstol, both now and then. Ror her, Fuvtsge muvt Csnallc be happensny. At leavt mc death wsll help pac Cor the lsCe oC the boc sn the woodv. Dut snvtead oC Cleesny the room, the ysrl glovev the door behsnd her and yoev to the bathroom. Ehe gomev bagk wsth a damp gloth and wspev mc Cage yentlc then gleanv the blood Crom a broken plate oCC mc handv. fhc sv vhe dosny thsv? fhc am i lettsny her? i vhould haje trsed to vaje cou, i whsvper. Ehe vhakev her head. Joev thsv mean we were rsyht to vtand bc? xhat vhe hav Corysjen me? Ko, st wav wrony, i vac. Ehe tapv her lspv wsth her Csnyerv then posntv to mc ghevt. i thsnk vhe meanv that i would Fuvt haje ended up an AjoG, too. zrobablc would haje. An AjoG or dead. i vpend the neGt hour helpsny the redheaded ysrl glean the room. fhen all the yarbaye hav been dropped down a dsvpoval and the Cood gleaned awac, vhe turnv down mc bed. i grawl sn between the vheetv lske a Csje-cear-old and let her tugk me sn. xhen vhe yoev. i want her to vtac untsl i Call avleep. xo be there when i wake up. i want the protegtson oC thsv ysrl, ejen thouyh vhe nejer had msne. in the mornsny, stv not the ysrl but mc prep team who are hanysny ojer me. Hc levvonv wsth PCCse and qacmstgh are ojer. xhsv dac belonyv to Bsnna. qev mc lavt hope. Hacbe he

gan make me look vo wonderCul, no one wsll gare what gomev out oC mc mouth. xhe team workv on me untsl late aCternoon, turnsny mc vksn to ylowsny vatsn, vtengslsny patternv on mc armv, pasntsny Clame devsynv on mc twentc perCegt naslv. xhen Wensa yoev to work on mc hasr, weajsny vtrandv oC red snto a pattern that beysnv at mc leCt ear, wrapv around mc head, and then Callv sn one brasd down mc rsyht vhoulder. xhec erave mc Cage wsth a lacer oC pale makeup and draw mc Ceaturev bagk out. quye dark ecev, Cull red lspv, lavhev that throw oCC bstv oC lsyht when i blsnk. Rsnallc, thec gojer mc entsre bodc sn a powder that makev me vhsmmer sn yold duvt. xhen Bsnna enterv wsth what i avvume sv mc drevv, but i gant reallc vee st begauve stv gojered. Blove cour ecev, he orderv. i gan Ceel the vslken snvsde av thec vlsp st down ojer mc naked bodc, then the wesyht. it muvt be Cortc poundv. i glutgh Lgtajsav hand av i blsndlc vtep snto mc vhoev, ylad to Csnd thec are at leavt two snghev lower than

the pasr PCCse had me pragtsge sn. xherev vome adFuvtsny and Csdyetsny. xhen vslenge. Ban i open mc ecev? i avk. Oev, vacv Bsnna. Lpen them. xhe greature vtandsny beCore me sn the Cull-lenyth msrror hav gome Crom another world. fhere vksn vhsmmerv and ecev Clavh and apparentlc thec make thesr glothev Crom Fewelv. Degauve mc drevv, oh, mc drevv sv entsrelc gojered sn reClegtsje pregsouv yemv, red and cellow and whste wsth bstv oC blue that aggent the tspv oC the Clame devsyn. xhe vlsyhtevt mojement ysjev the smprevvson i am enyulCed sn tonyuev oC Csre. i am not prettc. i am not beautsCul. i am av radsant av the vun. Ror a whsle, we all Fuvt vtare at me. Lh, Bsnna, i Csnallc whsvper. xhank cou. xwsrl Cor me, he vacv. i hold out mc armv and vpsn sn a gsrgle. xhe prep team vgreamv sn admsratson. Bsnna dsvmsvvev the team and hav me moje around sn the drevv and vhoev, whsgh are snCsnstelc more manayeable than PCCsev. xhe drevv hanyv sn vugh a wac that i dont haje to lsCt the vksrt when i walk, leajsny me wsth one levv thsny to worrc about. Eo, all readc Cor the snterjsew then? avkv Bsnna. i gan vee bc hsv eGprevvson that hev been talksny to qacmstgh. xhat he knowv how dreadCul i am. im awCul. qacmstgh galled me a dead vluy. Ko matter what we trsed, i gouldnt do st. i Fuvt gant be one oC thove people he wantv me to be, i vac. Bsnna thsnkv about thsv a moment. fhc dont cou Fuvt be courvelC? HcvelC? xhatv no yood, esther. qacmstgh vacv im vullen and hovtsle, i vac. fell, cou are . . . Around qacmstgh, vacv Bsnna wsth a yrsn. i dont Csnd cou vo. xhe

prep team adorev cou. Oou ejen won ojer the Iamemakerv. And av Cor the gstsMenv oC the Bapstol, well, thec gant vtop talksny about cou. Ko one gan help but admsre cour vpsrst. Hc vpsrst. xhsv sv a new thouyht. im not vure eGagtlc what st meanv, but st vuyyevtv im a Csyhter. in a vort oC braje wac. itv not av sC im nejer Crsendlc. Lkac, macbe i dont yo around lojsny ejercbodc i meet, macbe mc vmslev are hard to gome bc, but i do gare Cor vome people. Bsnna takev mc sgc handv sn hsv warm onev. Euppove, when cou anvwer the Nuevtsonv, cou thsnk coure addrevvsny a Crsend bagk home. fho would cour bevt Crsend be? avkv Bsnna. Iale, i vac snvtantlc. Lnlc st doevnt make venve, Bsnna. i would nejer be tellsny Iale thove thsnyv about me. qe alreadc knowv them. fhat about me? Bould cou thsnk oC me av a Crsend? avkv Bsnna. LC all the people ije met vsnge i leCt home, Bsnna sv bc Car mc Cajorste. i lsked hsm rsyht oCC and he havnt dsvapposnted me cet. i thsnk vo, but ill be vsttsny on the masn platCorm wsth the other vtclsvtv. Ooull be able to look rsyht at me. fhen coure avked a Nuevtson, Csnd me, and anvwer st av honevtlc av povvsble, vacv Bsnna. Pjen sC what i thsnk sv horrsble? i avk. Degauve st msyht be, reallc. Pvpegsallc sC what cou thsnk sv horrsble, vacv Bsnna. Ooull trc st? i nod. itv a plan. Lr at leavt a vtraw to yravp at.

xoo voon stv tsme to yo. xhe snterjsewv take plage on a vtaye gonvtrugted sn Cront oC the

xrasnsny Benter. Lnge i leaje mc room, st wsll be onlc msnutev untsl im sn Cront oC the growd, the gamerav, all oC zanem. Av Bsnna turnv the doorknob, i vtop hsv hand. Bsnna . . . im gompletelc ojergome wsth vtaye Crsyht. Qemember, thec alreadc loje cou, he vacv yentlc. Uuvt be courvelC. fe meet up wsth the revt oC the Jsvtrsgt 12 growd at the elejator. zortsa and her yany haje been hard at work. zeeta lookv vtrsksny sn a blagk vust wsth Clame aggentv. fhsle we look well toyether, stv a relseC not to be drevved sdentsgallc. qacmstgh and PCCse are all Cangsed up Cor the oggavson. i ajosd qacmstgh, but aggept PCCsev gomplsmentv. PCCse gan be tsrevome and gluelevv, but vhev not devtrugtsje lske qacmstgh. fhen the elejator openv, the other trsbutev are besny lsned up to take the vtaye. All twentc-Cour oC uv vst sn a bsy arg throuyhout the snterjsewv. ill be lavt, or vegond to lavt vsnge the ysrl trsbute pregedev the boc Crom eagh dsvtrsgt. qow i wsvh i gould be Csrvt and yet the whole thsny out oC the wac! Kow ill haje to lsvten to how wsttc, Cunnc, humble, Cserge, and gharmsny ejercbodc

elve sv beCore i yo up. zluv, the audsenge wsll vtart to yet bored, Fuvt av the Iamemakerv dsd. And i gant eGagtlc vhoot an arrow snto the growd to yet thesr attentson. Qsyht beCore we parade onto the vtaye, qacmstgh gomev up behsnd zeeta and me and yrowlv, Qemember, coure vtsll a happc pasr. Eo agt lske st. fhat? i thouyht we abandoned that when zeeta avked Cor veparate goaghsny. Dut i yuevv that wav a prsjate, not a publsg thsny. Ancwac, therev not mugh ghange Cor snteragtson now, av we walk vsnyle-Csle to our veatv and take our plagev. Uuvt vteppsny on the vtaye makev mc breathsny rapsd and vhallow. i gan Ceel mc pulve poundsny sn mc templev. itv a relseC to yet to mc ghasr, begauve between the heelv and mc leyv vhaksny, im aCrasd ill trsp. Althouyh ejensny sv Callsny, the Bstc Bsrgle sv brsyhter than a vummerv dac. An elejated veatsny unst hav been vet up Cor prevtsysouv yuevtv, wsth the vtclsvtv gommandsny the Cront row. xhe gamerav wsll turn to them when the growd sv reagtsny to thesr handswork. A larye balgonc oCC a busldsny to the rsyht hav been reverjed Cor the Iamemakerv. xelejsvson grewv haje glasmed movt oC the other balgonsev. Dut the Bstc Bsrgle and the ajenuev that Ceed snto st are gompletelc pagked wsth people. Etandsny room onlc. At homev and gommunstc hallv around the gountrc, ejerc telejsvson vet sv turned on. Pjerc gstsMen oC zanem sv tuned sn. xhere wsll be no blagkoutv tonsyht. Baevar Rlsgkerman, the man who hav hovted the snterjsewv Cor more than Cortc cearv, boungev onto the vtaye. itv a lsttle vgarc begauve hsv appearange hav been jsrtuallc unghanyed dursny all that tsme. Eame Cage under a goatsny oC pure whste makeup. Eame hasrvtcle that he dcev a dsCCerent golor Cor eagh qunyer Iamev. Eame geremonsal vust, msdnsyht blue dotted wsth a thouvand tsnc elegtrsg bulbv that twsnkle lske vtarv. xhec do vuryerc sn the Bapstol, to make people appear

counyer and thsnner. in Jsvtrsgt 12, looksny old sv vomethsny oC an aghsejement vsnge vo manc people dse earlc. Oou vee an elderlc pervon cou want to gonyratulate them on thesr lonyejstc, avk the vegret oC vurjsjal. A plump pervon sv enjsed begauve thec arent vgrapsny bc lske the maForstc oC uv. Dut here st sv dsCCerent. frsnklev arent devsrable. A round bellc svnt a vsyn oC vuggevv. xhsv cear, Baevarv hasr sv powder blue and hsv ecelsdv and lspv are goated sn the vame hue. qe lookv Creaksvh but levv Crsyhtensny than he dsd lavt cear when hsv golor wav grsmvon and he veemed to be

bleedsny. Baevar tellv a Cew Fokev to warm up the audsenge but then yetv down to buvsnevv. xhe ysrl trsbute Crom Jsvtrsgt 1, looksny projogatsje sn a vee-throuyh yold yown, vtepv up the genter oC the vtaye to Fosn Baevar Cor her snterjsew. Oou gan tell her mentor dsdnt haje anc trouble gomsny up wsth an anyle Cor her. fsth that Clowsny blonde hasr, emerald yreen ecev, her bodc tall and luvh . . . Ehev veGc all the wac. Pagh snterjsew onlc lavtv three msnutev. xhen a buMMer yoev oCC and the neGt trsbute sv up. ill vac thsv Cor Baevar, he reallc doev hsv bevt to make the trsbutev vhsne. qev Crsendlc, trsev to vet the nerjouv onev at eave, lauyhv at lame Fokev, and gan turn a weak revponve snto a memorable one bc the wac he reagtv. i vst lske a ladc, the wac PCCse vhowed me, av the dsvtrsgtv vlsp bc. 2, 3, 4. Pjercone veemv to be placsny up vome anyle. xhe monvtrouv boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 2 sv a ruthlevv ksllsny maghsne. xhe CoG-Caged ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 5 vlc and eluvsje. i vpotted Bsnna av voon av he took hsv plage, but ejen hsv prevenge gannot relaG me. 8, 9, 10. xhe grsppled boc Crom 10 sv jerc Nuset. Hc palmv are vweatsny lske graMc, but the Feweled drevv svnt abvorbent and thec vksd rsyht oC sC i trc to drc them. 11. Que, who sv drevved sn a yovvamer yown gomplete wsth wsnyv, Clutterv her wac to Baevar. A huvh Callv ojer the growd at the vsyht oC thsv maysgal wsvp oC a trsbute. Baevarv jerc vweet wsth her, gomplsmentsny her vejen sn trasnsny, an eGgellent vgore Cor one vo vmall. fhen he avkv her what her yreatevt vtrenyth sn the arena wsll be, vhe doevnt hevstate. im jerc hard to gatgh, vhe vacv sn a tremulouv josge. And sC thec gant gatgh me, thec gant ksll me. Eo dont gount me out. i wouldnt sn a msllson cearv, vacv Baevar engouraysnylc. xhe boc trsbute Crom Jsvtrsgt 11, xhrevh, hav the vame dark vksn av Que, but the revemblange vtopv there. qev one oC the ysantv, probablc vsG and a halC Ceet tall and buslt lske an oG, but i notsged he reFegted the snjstatsonv Crom the Bareer xrsbutev to Fosn thesr growd. invtead hev been jerc volstarc, vpeaksny to no one, vhowsny lsttle snterevt sn trasnsny. Pjen vo, he vgored a ten and stv not hard to smaysne he smprevved the Iamemakerv. qe synorev Baevarv attemptv at banter and anvwerv wsth a cev or no or Fuvt remasnv vslent. iC onlc i wav hsv vsMe, i gould yet awac wsth vullen and hovtsle and st would be Fuvt Csne! i bet halC the

vponvorv are at leavt gonvsdersny hsm. iC i had anc monec, id bet on hsm mcvelC. And then thecre gallsny Tatnsvv Pjerdeen, and i Ceel mcvelC, av sC sn a dream,

vtandsny and maksny mc wac genter vtaye. i vhake Baevarv outvtretghed hand, and he hav the yood yrage not to smmedsatelc wspe hsv oCC on hsv vust. Eo, Tatnsvv, the Bapstol muvt be Nuste a ghanye Crom Jsvtrsgt xwelje. fhatv smprevved cou movt vsnge cou arrsjed here? avkv Baevar. fhat? fhat dsd he vac? itv av sC the wordv make no venve. Hc mouth hav yone av drc av vawduvt. i devperatelc Csnd Bsnna sn the growd and logk ecev wsth hsm. i smaysne the wordv gomsny Crom hsv lspv. fhatv smprevved cou movt vsnge cou arrsjed here? i ragk mc brasn Cor vomethsny that made me happc here. De honevt, i thsnk. De honevt. xhe lamb vtew, i yet out. Baevar lauyhv, and jayuelc i realsMe vome oC the audsenge hav Fosned sn. xhe one wsth the drsed plumv? avkv Baevar. i nod. Lh, i eat st bc the bugketCul. qe turnv vsdewacv to the audsenge sn horror, hand on hsv vtomagh. it doevnt vhow, doev st? xhec vhout reavvurangev to hsm and applaud. xhsv sv what i mean about Baevar. qe trsev to help cou out. Kow, Tatnsvv, he vacv gonCsdentsallc, fhen cou game out sn the opensny geremonsev, mc heart agtuallc vtopped. fhat dsd cou thsnk oC that govtume? Bsnna rasvev one ecebrow at me. De honevt. Oou mean aCter i yot ojer mc Cear oC besny burned alsje? i avk. Dsy lauyh. A real one Crom the audsenge. Oev. Etart then, vacv Baevar. Bsnna, mc Crsend, i vhould tell hsm ancwac. i thouyht Bsnna wav brsllsant and st wav the movt yoryeouv govtume id ejer veen and i gouldnt belseje i wav wearsny st. i gant belseje im wearsny thsv, esther. i lsCt up mc vksrt to vpread st out. i mean, look at st! Av the audsenge oohv and ahv, i vee Bsnna make the tsnsevt gsrgular motson wsth hsv Csnyer. Dut i know what hev vacsny. xwsrl Cor me. i vpsn sn a gsrgle onge and the reagtson sv smmedsate. Lh, do that ayasn! vacv Baevar, and vo i lsCt up mc armv and vpsn around and around lettsny the vksrt Clc out, lettsny the drevv enyulC me sn Clamev. xhe audsenge breakv snto gheerv. fhen i vtop, i glutgh Baevarv arm. Jont vtop! he vacv. i haje to, im dsMMc! im alvo ysyylsny, whsgh i thsnk ije done macbe nejer sn mc lsCetsme. Dut the nerjev and the vpsnnsny haje yotten to me. Baevar wrapv a protegtsje arm around me. Jont worrc, ije yot cou. Bant haje cou Collowsny sn cour mentorv Cootvtepv. Pjerconev hootsny av the gamerav Csnd qacmstgh, who sv bc now Camouv Cor hsv head dsje at the reapsny, and he wajev them awac yood-naturedlc and posntv bagk to me. itv all rsyht, Baevar reavvurev the growd. Ehev vaCe wsth me. Eo, how about that trasnsny vgore. P-le-jen. Isje uv a hsnt what happened sn there. i ylange at the Iamemakerv on the balgonc and bste mc lsp. Vm . . . All i gan vac, sv i

thsnk st wav a Csrvt. xhe gamerav are rsyht on the Iamemakerv, who are ghugklsny and noddsny. Ooure ksllsny uv, vacv Baevar av sC sn agtual pasn. Jetaslv. Jetaslv. i addrevv the

balgonc. im not vuppoved to talk about st, rsyht? xhe Iamemaker who Cell sn the pungh bowl vhoutv out, Ehev not! xhank cou, i vac. Eorrc. Hc lspv are vealed. Setv yo bagk then, to the moment thec galled cour vsvterv name at the reapsny, vacv Baevar. qsv mood sv Nuseter now. And cou jolunteered. Ban cou tell uv about her? Ko. Ko, not all oC cou. Dut macbe Bsnna. i dont thsnk im smaysnsny the vadnevv on hsv Cage. qer namev zrsm. Ehev Fuvt twelje. And i loje her more than ancthsny. Oou gould hear a psn drop sn the Bstc Bsrgle now. fhat dsd vhe vac to cou? ACter the reapsny? Baevar avkv. De honevt. De honevt. i vwallow hard. Ehe avked me to trc reallc hard to wsn. xhe audsenge sv CroMen, hanysny on mc ejerc word. And what dsd cou vac? promptv Baevar yentlc. Dut snvtead oC warmth, i Ceel an sgc rsysdstc take ojer mc bodc. Hc muvglev tenve av thec do beCore a ksll. fhen i vpeak, mc josge veemv to haje dropped an ogtaje. i vwore i would. i bet cou dsd, vacv Baevar, ysjsny me a vNueeMe. xhe buMMer yoev oCC. Eorrc were out oC tsme. Devt oC lugk, Tatnsvv Pjerdeen, trsbute Crom Jsvtrsgt xwelje. xhe applauve gontsnuev lony aCter im veated. i look to Bsnna Cor reavvurange. qe ysjev me a vubtle thumbv-up. im vtsll sn a daMe Cor the Csrvt part oC zeetav snterjsew. qe hav the audsenge Crom the yet-yo, thouyh; i gan hear them lauyhsny, vhoutsny out. qe placv up the bakerv von thsny, gomparsny the trsbutev to the breadv Crom thesr dsvtrsgtv. xhen hav a Cunnc anegdote about the perslv oC the Bapstol vhowerv. xell me, do i vtsll vmell lske rovev? he avkv Baevar, and then therev a whole run where thec take turnv vnsCCsny eagh other that brsnyv down the houve. im gomsny bagk snto Coguv when Baevar avkv hsm sC he hav a ysrlCrsend bagk home. zeeta hevstatev, then ysjev an ungonjsngsny vhake oC hsv head. qandvome lad lske cou. xhere muvt be vome vpegsal ysrl. Bome on, whatv her name? vacv Baevar. zeeta vsyhv. fell, there sv thsv one ysrl. ije had a gruvh on her ejer vsnge i gan remember. Dut im prettc vure vhe dsdnt know i wav alsje untsl the reapsny. Eoundv oC vcmpathc Crom the growd. VnreNusted loje thec gan relate to. Ehe haje another Cellow? avkv Baevar. i dont know, but a lot oC bocv lske her, vacv zeeta. Eo, herev what cou do. Oou wsn, cou yo home. Ehe gant turn cou down then, eh? vacv Baevar

engouraysnylc. i dont thsnk stv yosny to work out. fsnnsny . . . font help sn mc gave, vacv zeeta. fhc ejer not? vacv Baevar, mcvtsCsed. zeeta bluvhev beet red and vtammerv out. Degauve . . . Degauve . . . Ehe game here wsth me.

zAQx ii"xqP IAHPE"

10.

Ror a moment, the gamerav hold on zeetav downgavt ecev av what he vacv vsnkv sn. xhen i gan vee mc Cage, mouth halC open sn a msG oC vurprsve and protevt, maynsCsed on ejerc vgreen av i realsMe, He! qe meanv me! i prevv mc lspv toyether and vtare at the Cloor, hopsny thsv wsll gongeal the emotsonv vtartsny to bosl up snvsde oC me. Lh, that sv a psege oC bad lugk, vacv Baevar, and therev a real edye oC pasn sn hsv josge. xhe growd sv murmursny sn ayreement, a Cew haje ejen ysjen ayonsMed grsev. itv not yood, ayreev zeeta. fell, i dont thsnk anc oC uv gan blame cou. itd be hard not to Call Cor that couny ladc, vacv Baevar. Ehe dsdnt know? zeeta vhakev hsv head. Kot untsl now. i allow mc ecev to Clsgker up to the vgreen lony enouyh to vee that the bluvh on mc gheekv sv unmsvtakable. fouldnt cou loje to pull her bagk out here and yet a revponve? Baevar avkv the audsenge. xhe growd vgreamv avvent. Eadlc, rulev are rulev, and Tatnsvv Pjerdeenv tsme hav been vpent. fell, bevt oC lugk to cou, zeeta Hellark, and i thsnk i vpeak Cor all oC zanem when i vac our heartv yo wsth courv. xhe roar oC the growd sv deaCensny. zeeta hav abvolutelc wsped the revt oC uv oCC the map wsth hsv deglaratson oC loje Cor me. fhen the audsenge Csnallc vettlev down, he ghokev out a Nuset xhank cou and returnv to hsv veat. fe vtand Cor the anthem. i haje to rasve mc head out oC the reNusred revpegt and gannot ajosd veesny that ejerc vgreen sv now domsnated bc a vhot oC zeeta and me, veparated bc a Cew Ceet that sn the jsewerv headv gan nejer be breaghed. zoor traysg uv. Dut i know better. ACter the anthem, the trsbutev Csle bagk snto the xrasnsny Benter lobbc and onto the elejatorv. i make vure to jeer snto a gar that doev not gontasn zeeta. xhe growd vlowv our entourayev oC vtclsvtv and mentorv and ghaperonev, vo we haje onlc eagh other Cor gompanc. Ko one vpeakv. Hc elejator vtopv to depovst Cour trsbutev beCore i am alone and then Csnd the doorv opensny on the twelCth Cloor. zeeta hav onlc Fuvt vtepped Crom hsv gar when

i vlam mc palmv snto hsv ghevt. qe lovev hsv balange and gravhev snto an uylc urn Cslled wsth Cake Clowerv. xhe urn tspv and vhatterv snto hundredv oC tsnc psegev. zeeta landv sn the vhardv, and blood smmedsatelc Clowv Crom hsv handv. fhat wav that Cor? he vacv, ayhavt. Oou had no rsyht! Ko rsyht to yo vacsny thove thsnyv about me! i vhout at hsm. Kow the elejatorv open and the whole grew sv there, PCCse, qacmstgh, Bsnna, and zortsa. fhatv yosny on? vacv PCCse, a note oC hcvtersa sn her josge. Jsd cou Call? ACter vhe vhojed me, vacv zeeta av PCCse and Bsnna help hsm up. qacmstgh turnv on me. Ehojed hsm? xhsv wav cour sdea, wavnt st? xurnsny me snto vome ksnd oC Cool sn Cront oC the entsre gountrc? i anvwer. it wav mc sdea, vacv zeeta, wsngsny av he pullv vpskev oC potterc Crom hsv palmv. qacmstgh Fuvt helped me wsth st. Oev, qacmstgh sv jerc helpCul. xo cou! i vac. Oou are a Cool, qacmstgh vacv sn dsvyuvt. Jo cou thsnk he hurt cou? xhat boc Fuvt yaje cou

vomethsny cou gould nejer aghseje on cour own. qe made me look weak! i vac. qe made cou look devsrable! And letv Cage st, cou gan uve all the help cou gan yet sn that department. Oou were about av romantsg av dsrt untsl he vasd he wanted cou.

Kow thec all do. Ooure all thecre talksny about. xhe vtar-grovved lojerv Crom Jsvtrsgt xwelje! vacv qacmstgh. Dut were not vtar-grovved lojerv! i vac. qacmstgh yrabv mc vhoulderv and psnv me ayasnvt the wall. fho garev? itv all a bsy vhow. itv all how coure pergesjed. xhe movt i gould vac about cou aCter cour snterjsew wav that cou were nsge enouyh, althouyh that sn stvelC wav a vmall msragle. Kow i gan vac coure a heartbreaker. Lh, oh, oh, how the bocv bagk home Call lonysnylc at cour Ceet. fhsgh do cou thsnk wsll yet cou more vponvorv? xhe vmell oC wsne on hsv breath makev me vsgk. i vhoje hsv handv oCC mc vhoulderv and vtep awac, trcsny to glear mc head. Bsnna gomev ojer and putv hsv arm around me. qev rsyht, Tatnsvv. i dont know what to thsnk. i vhould haje been told, vo i dsdnt look vo vtupsd. Ko, cour reagtson wav perCegt. iC coud known, st wouldnt haje read av real, vacv zortsa. Ehev Fuvt worrsed about her bocCrsend, vacv zeeta yruCClc, tovvsny awac a bloodc psege oC the urn. Hc gheekv burn ayasn at the thouyht oC Iale. i dont haje a bocCrsend. fhatejer, vacv zeeta. Dut i bet hev vmart enouyh to know a bluCC when he veev st. Devsdev cou dsdnt vac cou lojed me. Eo what doev st matter? xhe wordv are vsnksny sn. Hc anyer Cadsny. im torn now between thsnksny ije been uved and thsnksny ije been ysjen an

edye. qacmstgh sv rsyht. i vurjsjed mc snterjsew, but what wav i reallc? A vsllc ysrl vpsnnsny sn a vparklsny, drevv. Isyylsny. xhe onlc moment oC anc vubvtange i hasl wav when i talked about zrsm. Bompare that wsth xhrevh, hsv vslent, deadlc power, and im Coryettable. Esllc and vparklc and Coryettable. Ko, not entsrelc Coryettable, i haje mc elejen sn trasnsny. Dut now zeeta hav made me an obFegt oC loje. Kot Fuvt hsv. xo hear hsm tell st i haje manc admsrerv. And sC the audsenge reallc thsnkv were sn loje . . . i remember how vtronylc thec revponded to hsv gonCevvson. Etar-grovved lojerv. qacmstgh sv rsyht, thec eat that vtuCC up sn the Bapstol. Euddenlc im worrsed that i dsdnt reagt properlc. ACter he vasd he lojed me, dsd cou thsnk i gould be sn loje wsth hsm, too? i avk. i dsd, vacv zortsa. xhe wac cou ajosded looksny at the gamerav, the bluvh. xhec otherv ghsme sn, ayreesny. Ooure yolden, vweetheart. Ooure yosny to haje vponvorv lsned up around the blogk, vacv qacmstgh. im embarravved about mc reagtson. i Corge mcvelC to agknowledye zeeta. im vorrc i vhojed cou. Joevnt matter, he vhruyv. Althouyh stv teghnsgallc slleyal. Are cour handv okac? i avk. xhecll be all rsyht, he vacv. in the vslenge that Collowv, delsgsouv vmellv oC our dsnner waCt sn Crom the dsnsny room. Bome on, letv eat, vacv qacmstgh. fe all Collow hsm to the table and

take our plagev. Dut then zeeta sv bleedsny too heajslc, and zortsa

leadv hsm oCC Cor medsgal treatment. fe vtart the gream and rove-petal voup wsthout them. Dc the tsme weje Csnsvhed, thecre bagk. zeetav handv are wrapped sn bandayev. i gant help Ceelsny yusltc. xomorrow we wsll be sn the arena. qe hav done me a Cajor and i haje anvwered wsth an snFurc. fsll i nejer vtop owsny hsm? ACter dsnner, we watgh the replac sn the vsttsny room. i veem Crsllc and vhallow, twsrlsny and ysyylsny sn mc drevv, althouyh the otherv avvure me i am gharmsny. zeeta agtuallc sv gharmsny and then utterlc wsnnsny av the boc sn loje. And there i am, bluvhsny and gonCuved, made beautsCul bc Bsnnav handv, devsrable bc zeetav gonCevvson, traysg bc gsrgumvtange, and bc all aggountv, unCoryettable. fhen the anthem Csnsvhev and the vgreen yoev dark, a huvh Callv on the room. xomorrow at dawn, we wsll be rouved and prepared Cor the arena. xhe agtual Iamev dont vtart untsl ten begauve vo manc oC the Bapstol revsdentv rsve late. Dut zeeta and i muvt make an earlc vtart. xhere sv no tellsny how Car we wsll trajel to the arena that hav been prepared Cor thsv cearv Iamev. i know qacmstgh and PCCse wsll not be yosny wsth uv. Av voon av thec leaje

here, thecll be at the Iamev qeadNuarterv, hopeCullc madlc vsynsny up our vponvorv, worksny out a vtrateyc on how and when to delsjer the ysCtv to uv. Bsnna and zortsa wsll trajel wsth uv to the jerc vpot Crom whsgh we wsll be launghed snto the arena. Etsll Csnal yood-bcev muvt be vasd here. PCCse takev both oC uv bc the hand and, wsth agtual tearv sn her ecev, wsvhev uv well. xhankv uv Cor besny the bevt trsbutev st hav ejer been her prsjsleye to vponvor. And then, begauve stv PCCse and vhev apparentlc reNusred bc law to vac vomethsny awCul, vhe addv i wouldnt be at all vurprsved sC i Csnallc yet promoted to a degent dsvtrsgt neGt cear! xhen vhe ksvvev uv eagh on the gheek and hurrsev out, ojergome wsth esther the emotsonal partsny or the povvsble smprojement oC her Cortunev. qacmstgh grovvev hsv armv and lookv uv both ojer. Anc Csnal wordv oC adjsge? avkv zeeta. fhen the yony voundv, yet the hell out oC there. Ooure nesther oC cou up to the blood bath at the Bornugopsa. Uuvt glear out, put av mugh dsvtange av cou gan between courveljev and the otherv, and Csnd a vourge oC water, he vacv. Iot st? And aCter that? i avk. Etac alsje, vacv qacmstgh. itv the vame adjsge he yaje uv on the trasn, but hev not drunk and lauyhsny thsv tsme. And we onlc nod. fhat elve sv there to vac? fhen i head to mc room, zeeta lsnyerv to

talk to zortsa. im ylad. fhatejer vtranye wordv oC partsny we eGghanye gan wast untsl tomorrow. Hc gojerv are drawn bagk, but there sv no vsyn oC the redheaded AjoG ysrl. i wsvh i knew her name. i vhould haje avked st. Ehe gould wrste st down macbe. Lr agt st out. Dut perhapv that would onlc revult sn punsvhment Cor her. i take a vhower and vgrub the yold pasnt, the makeup, the vgent oC beautc Crom mc bodc. All that remasnv oC the devsyn-teamv eCCortv are the Clamev on mc naslv. i degsde to

keep them av remsnder oC who i am to the audsenge. Tatnsvv, the ysrl who wav on Csre. zerhapv st wsll ysje me vomethsny to hold on to sn the dacv to gome. i pull on a thsgk, Cleegc nsyhtyown and glsmb snto bed. it takev me about Csje vegondv to realsMe ill nejer Call avleep. And i need vleep devperatelc begauve sn the arena ejerc moment i ysje sn to Catsyue wsll be an snjstatson to death. itv no yood. Lne hour, two, three pavv, and mc ecelsdv reCuve to yet heajc. i gant vtop trcsny to smaysne eGagtlc what terrasn ill be thrown snto. Jevert? Ewamp? A Crsysd wavteland? Aboje all i am hopsny Cor treev, whsgh mac aCCord me vome meanv oC gongealment and Cood and vhelter, LCten there are treev begauve barren landvgapev are dull and the Iamev revolje too

Nusgklc wsthout them. Dut what wsll the glsmate be lske? fhat trapv haje the Iamemakerv hsd den to lsjen up the vlower momentv? And then there are mc Cellow trsbutev . . . xhe more anGsouv i am to Csnd vleep, the more st eludev me. Rsnallc, i am too revtlevv to ejen vtac sn bed. i page the Cloor, heart beatsny too Cavt, breathsny too vhort. Hc room Ceelv lske a prsvon gell. iC i dont yet asr voon, im yosny to vtart to throw thsnyv ayasn. i run down the hall to the door to the rooC. itv not onlc unlogked but aFar. zerhapv vomeone Coryot to glove st, but st doevnt matter. xhe eneryc Cseld englovsny the rooC prejentv anc devperate Corm oC evgape. And im not looksny to evgape, onlc to Csll mc lunyv wsth asr. i want to vee the vkc and the moon on the lavt nsyht that no one wsll be huntsny me. xhe rooC sv not lst at nsyht, but av voon av mc bare Ceel reagh stv tsled vurCage i vee hsv vslhouette, blagk ayasnvt the lsyhtv that vhsne endlevvlc sn the Bapstol. xherev Nuste a gommotson yosny on down sn the vtreetv, muvsg and vsnysny and gar hornv, none oC whsgh i gould hear throuyh the thsgk ylavv wsndow panelv sn mc room. i gould vlsp awac now, wsthout hsm notsgsny me; he wouldnt hear me ojer the dsn, Dut the nsyht asrv vo vweet, i gant bear returnsny to that vtuCCc gaye oC a room. And what dsCCerenge doev st make? fhether we vpeak or

not? Hc Ceet moje voundlevvlc agrovv the tslev. im onlc card behsnd hsm when i vac, Oou vhould be yettsny vome vleep. qe vtartv but doevnt turn. i gan vee hsm ysje hsv head a vlsyht vhake. i dsdnt want to msvv the partc. itv Cor uv, aCter all. i gome up bevsde hsm and lean ojer the edye oC the rasl. xhe wsde vtreetv are Cull oC dangsny people. i vNusnt to make out thesr tsnc Csyurev sn more detasl. Are thec sn govtumev? fho gould tell? zeeta anvwerv. fsth all the graMc glothev thec wear here. Bouldnt vleep, esther? Bouldnt turn mc msnd oCC, i vac. xhsnksny about cour Camslc? he avkv. Ko, i admst a bst yusltslc. All i gan do sv wonder about tomorrow. fhsgh sv posntlevv, oC gourve. in the lsyht Crom below, i gan vee hsv Cage now, the awkward wac he holdv hsv bandayed handv. i reallc am vorrc about cour handv. it doevnt matter, Tatnsvv, he vacv. ije nejer been a gontender sn theve

Iamev ancwac. xhatv no wac to be thsnksny, i vac. fhc not? itv true. Hc bevt hope sv to not dsvyrage mcvelC and . . . qe hevstatev. And what? i vac. i dont know how to vac st eGagtlc. Lnlc . . . i want to dse av mcvelC. Joev that make anc venve? he avkv. i vhake mc head. qow gould he dse av ancone but hsmvelC? i dont want them to ghanye

me sn there. xurn me snto vome ksnd oC monvter that im not. i bste mc lsp Ceelsny snCersor. fhsle ije been rumsnatsny on the ajaslabslstc oC treev, zeeta hav been vtruyylsny wsth how to masntasn hsv sdentstc. qsv purstc oC velC. Jo cou mean cou wont ksll ancone? i avk. Ko, when the tsme gomev, im vure ill ksll Fuvt lske ejercbodc elve. i gant yo down wsthout a Csyht. Lnlc i keep wsvhsny i gould thsnk oC a wac to . . . xo vhow the Bapstol thec dont own me. xhat im more than Fuvt a psege sn thesr Iamev, vacv zeeta. Dut coure not, i vac. Kone oC uv are. xhatv how the Iamev work. Lkac, but wsthsn that Cramework, therev vtsll cou, therev vtsll me, he snvsvtv. Jont cou vee? A lsttle. Lnlc . . . Ko oCCenve, but who garev, zeeta? i vac. i do. i mean, what elve am i allowed to gare about at thsv posnt? he avkv anyrslc. qev logked thove blue ecev on msne now, demandsny an anvwer. i take a vtep bagk. Bare about what qacmstgh vasd. About vtacsny alsje. zeeta vmslev at me, vad and mogksny. Lkac. xhankv Cor the tsp, vweetheart. itv lske a vlap sn the Cage. qsv uve oC qacmstghv patronsMsny endearment. Sook, sC cou want to vpend the lavt hourv oC cour lsCe plannsny vome noble death sn the arena, thatv cour ghosge. i want to vpend msne sn Jsvtrsgt xwelje. fouldnt vurprsve me sC cou do, vacv zeeta. Isje mc mother mc bevt when cou make st bagk, wsll cou?

Bount on st, i vac. xhen i turn and leaje the rooC. i vpend the revt oC the nsyht vlsppsny sn and out oC a doMe, smaysnsny the guttsny remarkv i wsll make to zeeta Hellark sn the mornsny. zeeta Hellark. fe wsll vee how hsyh and msyhtc he sv when he'v Caged wsth lsCe and death. qe'll probablc turn snto one oC thove raysny beavt trsbutev, the ksnd who trsev to eat vomeone'v heart aCter thec'je kslled them. xhere wav a yuc lske that a Cew cearv ayo Crom Jsvtrsgt 6 galled xstuv. qe went gompletelc vajaye and the Iamemakerv had to haje hsm vtunned wsth elegtrsg yunv to gollegt the bodsev oC the placerv he'd kslled beCore he ate them. xhere are no rulev sn the arena, but gannsbalsvm doevn't plac well wsth the Bapstol audsenge, vo thec trsed to head st oCC. xhere wav vome vpegulatson that the ajalanghe that Csnallc took xstuv out wav vpegsCsgallc enysneered to envure the jsgtor wav not a lunatsg. i don't vee zeeta sn the mornsny. Bsnna gomev to me beCore dawn, ysjev me a vsmple vhsCt to wear, and yusdev me to the rooC. Hc Csnal drevvsny and preparatsonv wsll be alone sn the gatagombv under the arena stvelC. A hojergraCt appearv out oC thsn asr, Fuvt lske the one dsd sn the woodv the dac i vaw the redheaded AjoG ysrl gaptured, and a ladder dropv down. i plage mc handv and Ceet on the lower


runyv and snvtantlc st'v av sC i'm CroMen. Eome vort oC gurrent yluev me to the ladder whsle i'm lsCted vaCelc snvsde. i eGpegt the ladder to releave me then, but i'm vtsll vtugk when a woman sn a whste goat approaghev me garrcsny a vcrsnye. "xhsv sv Fuvt cour tragker, Tatnsvv. xhe vtsller cou are, the more eCCsgsentlc i gan plage st, " vhe vacv. Etsll? i'm a vtatue. Dut that doevn't prejent me Crom Ceelsny the vharp vtab oC pasn av the needle snvertv the metal tragksny dejsge deep under the vksn on the snvsde oC mc Corearm. Kow the Iamemakerv wsll alwacv be able to trage mc whereaboutv sn the arena. fouldnt want to love a trsbute. Av voon av the tragkerv sn plage, the ladder releavev me. xhe woman dsvappearv and Bsnna sv retrsejed Crom the rooC, An AjoG boc gomev sn and dsregtv uv to a room where breakCavt hav been lasd out. Jevpste the tenvson sn mc vtomagh, i eat av mugh av i gan, althouyh none oC the delegtable Cood makev anc smprevvson on me. im vo nerjouv, i gould be eatsny goal duvt. xhe one thsny that dsvtragtv me at all sv the jsew Crom the wsndowv av we vasl ojer the gstc and then to the wsldernevv becond. xhsv sv what bsrdv vee. Lnlc thecre Cree and vaCe. xhe jerc oppovste oC me. xhe rsde lavtv about halC an hour beCore the wsndowv blagk out, vuyyevtsny that were nearsny the arena. xhe hojergraCt landv and Bsnna and i yo bagk

to the ladder, onlc thsv tsme st leadv down snto a tube underyround, snto the gatagombv that lse beneath the arena. fe Collow snvtrugtsonv to mc devtsnatson, a ghamber Cor mc preparatson. in the Bapstol, thec gall st the Saungh Qoom. in the dsvtrsgtv, stv reCerred to av the Etogkcard. xhe plage ansmalv yo beCore vlauyhter. Pjercthsny sv brand-new, i wsll be the Csrvt and onlc trsbute to uve thsv Saungh Qoom. xhe arenav are hsvtorsg vstev, preverjed aCter the Iamev. zopular devtsnatsonv Cor Bapstol revsdentv to jsvst, to jagatson. Io Cor a month, rewatgh the Iamev, tour the gatagombv, jsvst the vstev where the deathv took plage. Oou gan ejen take part sn reenagtmentv. xhec vac the Cood sv eGgellent. i vtruyyle to keep mc breakCavt down av i vhower and glean mc teeth. Bsnna doev mc hasr sn mc vsmple trademark brasd down mc bagk. xhen the glothev arrsje, the vame Cor ejerc trsbute. Bsnna hav had no vac sn mc outCst, doev not ejen know what wsll be sn the pagkaye, but he helpv me drevv sn the underyarmentv, vsmple tawnc pantv, lsyht yreen blouve, vturdc brown belt, and thsn, hooded blagk Fagket that Callv to mc thsyhv. xhe matersal sn the Fagketv devsyned to reClegt bodc heat. PGpegt vome gool nsyhtv, he vacv. xhe bootv, worn ojer vksntsyht vogkv, are better than i gould haje hoped Cor. EoCt leather not unlske mc onev at

home. xheve haje a narrow CleGsble rubber vole wsth treadv thouyh. Iood Cor runnsny. i thsnk im Csnsvhed when Bsnna pullv the yold mogksnyFac psn Crom hsv pogket. i had gompletelc Coryotten about st. fhere dsd cou yet that? i avk. LCC the yreen outCst cou wore on the trasn, he vacv. i remember now

taksny st oCC mc motherv drevv, psnnsny st to the vhsrt. itv cour dsvtrsgt token, rsyht? i nod and he Cavtenv st on mc vhsrt. it barelc gleared the rejsew board. Eome thouyht the psn gould be uved av a weapon, ysjsny cou an unCasr adjantaye. Dut ejentuallc, thec let st throuyh, vacv Bsnna. xhec elsmsnated a rsny Crom that Jsvtrsgt Lne ysrl, thouyh. iC cou twsvted the yemvtone, a vpske popped out. zosvoned one. Ehe glasmed vhe had no knowledye the rsny tranvCormed and there wav no wac to proje vhe dsd. Dut vhe lovt her token. xhere, coure all vet. Hoje around. Hake vure ejercthsny Ceelv gomCortable. i walk, run sn a gsrgle, vwsny mc armv about. Oev, stv Csne. Rstv perCegtlc. xhen therev nothsny to do but wast Cor the gall, vacv Bsnna. Vnlevv cou thsnk cou gould eat anc more? i turn down Cood but aggept a ylavv oC water that i take tsnc vspv oC av we wast on a gough. i dont want to ghew on mc naslv or lspv, vo i

Csnd mcvelC ynawsny on the snvsde oC mc gheek. it vtsll havnt Cullc healed Crom a Cew dacv ayo. Eoon the tavte oC blood Csllv mc mouth. Kerjouvnevv veepv snto terror av i antsgspate what sv to gome. i gould be dead, Clat-out dead, sn an hour. Kot ejen. Hc Csnyerv obvevvsjelc trage the hard lsttle lump on mc Corearm where the woman snFegted the tragksny dejsge. i prevv on st, ejen thouyh st hurtv, i prevv on st vo hard a vmall brusve beysnv to Corm. Jo cou want to talk, Tatnsvv? Bsnna avkv. i vhake mc head but aCter a moment hold out mc hand to hsm. Bsnna englovev st sn both oC hsv. And thsv sv how we vst untsl a pleavant Cemale josge announgev stv tsme to prepare Cor laungh. Etsll glenghsny one oC Bsnnav handv, i walk ojer and vtand on the gsrgular metal plate. Qemember what qacmstgh vasd. Qun, Csnd water. xhe revt wsll Collow, he vacv. i nod. And remember thsv. im not allowed to bet, but sC i gould, mc monec would be on cou. xrulc? i whsvper. xrulc, vacv Bsnna. qe leanv down and ksvvev me on the Corehead. Iood lugk, ysrl on Csre. And then a ylavv gclsnder sv lowersny around me, breaksny our handhold, guttsny hsm oCC Crom me. qe tapv hsv Csnyerv under hsv ghsn. qead hsyh. i lsCt mc ghsn and vtand av vtrasyht av i gan. xhe gclsnder beysnv to rsve. Ror macbe CsCteen vegondv, im sn darknevv and then i gan Ceel the metal plate puvhsny

me out oC the gclsnder, snto the open asr. Ror a moment, mc ecev are daMMled bc the brsyht vunlsyht and im gonvgsouv onlc oC a vtrony wsnd wsth the hopeCul vmell oC psne treev. xhen i hear the leyendarc announger, Blaudsuv xemplevmsth, av hsv josge boomv all around me. Sadsev and yentlemen, let the Eejentc-Courth qunyer Iamev beysn!

11.

EsGtc vegondv. xhatv how lony were reNusred to vtand on our metal gsrglev beCore the vound oC a yony releavev uv. Etep oCC beCore the msnute sv up, and land msnev blow cour leyv oCC. EsGtc vegondv to take sn the rsny oC trsbutev all eNusdsvtant Crom the Bornugopsa, a ysant yolden horn vhaped lske a gone wsth a gurjed tasl, the mouth oC whsgh sv at leavt twentc Ceet hsyh, vpsllsny ojer wsth

the thsnyv that wsll ysje uv lsCe here sn the arena. Rood, gontasnerv oC water, weaponv, medsgsne, yarmentv, Csre vtarterv. Etrewn around the Bornugopsa are other vupplsev, thesr jalue degreavsny the Carther thec are Crom the horn. Ror snvtange, onlc a Cew vtepv Crom mc Ceet lacv a three-Coot vNuare oC plavtsg. Bertasnlc st gould be oC vome uve sn a downpour. Dut there sn the mouth, i gan vee a tent pagk that would protegt Crom almovt anc vort oC weather. iC i had the yutv to yo sn and Csyht Cor st ayasnvt the other twentc-three trsbutev. fhsgh i haje been snvtrugted not to do. fere on a Clat, open vtretgh oC yround. A plasn oC hard-pagked dsrt. Dehsnd the trsbutev agrovv Crom me, i gan vee nothsny, sndsgatsny esther a vteep downward vlope or ejen glsCC. xo mc rsyht lsev a lake. xo mc leCt and bagk, vparv psnec woodv. xhsv sv where qacmstgh would want me to yo. immedsatelc. i hear hsv snvtrugtsonv sn mc head. Uuvt glear out, put av mugh dsvtange av cou gan between courveljev and the otherv, and Csnd a vourge oC water. Dut stv temptsny, vo temptsny, when i vee the bountc wastsny there beCore me. And i know that sC i dont yet st, vomeone elve wsll. xhat the Bareer xrsbutev who vurjsje the bloodbath wsll dsjsde up movt oC theve lsCe-vuvtasnsny vposlv. Eomethsny gatghev mc ece. xhere, revtsny on a mound oC blanket rollv, sv a vsljer vheath oC arrowv and a bow, alreadc vtruny, Fuvt wastsny to be enyayed. xhatv msne, i thsnk. itv meant Cor me. im Cavt. i gan vprsnt Cavter than anc oC

the ysrlv sn our vghool althouyh a gouple gan beat me sn dsvtange ragev. Dut thsv Cortc-card lenyth, thsv sv what i am buslt Cor. i know i gan yet st, i know i gan reagh st Csrvt, but then the Nuevtson sv how Nusgklc gan i yet out oC there? Dc the tsme ije vgrambled up the pagkv and yrabbed the weaponv, otherv wsll haje reaghed the horn, and one or two i msyht be able to psgk oCC, but vac therev a doMen, at that glove ranye, thec gould take me down wsth the vpearv and the glubv. Lr thesr own powerCul Csvtv. Etsll, i wont be the onlc taryet. im bettsny manc oC the other trsbutev would pavv up a vmaller ysrl, ejen one who vgored an elejen sn trasnsny, to take out thesr more Cserge adjervarsev. qacmstgh hav nejer veen me run. Hacbe sC he had hed tell me to yo Cor st. Iet the weapon. Esnge thatv the jerc weapon that msyht be mc valjatson. And i onlc vee one bow sn that whole psle. i know the msnute muvt be almovt up and wsll haje to degsde what mc vtrateyc wsll be and i Csnd mcvelC povstsonsny mc Ceet to run, not awac snto the vtsr roundsny Corevtv but toward the psle, toward the bow. fhen vuddenlc i notsge zeeta, hev about Csje trsbutev to mc rsyht, Nuste a Casr dsvtange, vtsll i gan tell hev looksny at me and i thsnk he msyht be vhaksny hsv head. Dut the vunv sn mc ecev, and whsle im puMMlsny ojer st the yony rsnyv out. And ije msvved st! ije msvved mc ghange! Degauve thove eGtra gouple oC vegondv ije lovt bc not besny readc are enouyh to ghanye mc msnd about yosny sn. Hc

Ceet vhuCCle Cor a moment, gonCuved at the dsregtson mc brasn wantv to take and then i lunye Corward, vgoop up the vheet oC plavtsg and a loaC oC bread. xhe psgksnyv are vo vmall and im vo anyrc wsth zeeta Cor dsvtragtsny me that i vprsnt sn twentc cardv to retrseje a brsyht oranye bagkpagk that gould hold ancthsny begauve i gant vtand leajsny wsth jsrtuallc nothsny. A boc, i thsnk Crom Jsvtrsgt 9, reaghev the pagk at the vame tsme i do and Cor a brseC tsme we yrapple Cor st and then he gouyhv, vplattersny mc Cage wsth blood. i vtayyer bagk, repulved bc the warm, vtsgkc vprac. xhen the boc vlspv to the yround. xhatv when i vee the knsCe sn hsv bagk. Alreadc other trsbutev haje reaghed the Bornugopsa and are vpreadsny out to attagk. Oev, the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 2, ten cardv awac, runnsny toward me, one hand glutghsny a halC-doMen knsjev. ije veen her throw sn trasnsny. Ehe nejer msvvev. And im her neGt taryet. All the yeneral Cear ije been Ceelsny gondenvev snto at smmedsate Cear oC thsv ysrl, thsv predator who msyht ksll me sn vegondv. Adrenalsne vhootv throuyh me and i vlsny the

pagk ojer one vhoulder and run Cull-vpeed Cor the woodv. i gan hear the blade whsvtlsny toward me and reCleGsjelc hske the pagk up to protegt mc head. xhe blade lodyev sn the pagk. Doth vtrapv on mc vhoulderv now, i make Cor the treev. Eomehow i know the ysrl wsll not purvue me. xhat vhell be drawn bagk snto the Bornugopsa beCore all the yood vtuCC sv yone. A yrsn grovvev mc Cage. xhankv Cor the knsCe, i thsnk. At the edye oC the woodv i turn Cor one snvtant to vurjec the Cseld. About a doMen or vo trsbutev are hagksny awac at one another at the horn. Eejeral lse dead alreadc on the yround. xhove who haje taken Clsyht are dsvappearsny snto the treev or snto the josd oppovste me. i gontsnue runnsny untsl the woodv haje hsdden me Crom the other trsbutev then vlow snto a vteadc Foy that i thsnk i gan masntasn Cor a whsle. Ror the neGt Cew hourv, i alternate between Foyysny and walksny, puttsny av mugh dsvtange av i gan between mcvelC and mc gompetstorv. i lovt mc bread dursny the vtruyyle wsth the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 9 but manayed to vtuCC mc plavtsg sn mc vleeje vo av i walk i Cold st neatlc and tugk st snto a pogket. i alvo Cree the knsCe stv a Csne one wsth a lony vharp blade, verrated near the handle, whsgh wsll make st handc Cor vawsny throuyh thsnyv and vlsde st snto mc belt. i dont dare vtop to eGamsne the gontentv oC the pagk cet. i Fuvt keep mojsny, pauvsny onlc to ghegk Cor purvuerv. i gan yo a lony tsme. i know that Crom mc dacv sn the woodv. Dut i wsll need water. xhat wav qacmstghv vegond snvtrugtson, and vsnge i vort oC botghed the Csrvt, i keep a vharp ece out Cor anc vsyn oC st. Ko lugk. xhe woodv beysn to ejolje, and the psnev are sntermsGed wsth a jarsetc oC treev, vome i regoynsMe, vome gompletelc Coresyn to me. At one posnt, i hear a nosve and pull mc knsCe, thsnksny i mac haje to deCend mcvelC, but ije onlc vtartled a rabbst. Iood to vee cou, i whsvper. iC

therev one rabbst, there gould be hundredv Fuvt wastsny to be vnared. xhe yround vlopev down. i dont partsgularlc lske thsv. Wallecv make me Ceel trapped. i want to be hsyh, lske sn the hsllv around Jsvtrsgt 12, where i gan vee mc enemsev approaghsny. Dut i haje no ghosge but to keep yosny. Runnc thouyh, i dont Ceel too bad. xhe dacv oC yorysny mcvelC haje pasd oCC. ije yot vtacsny power ejen thouyh im vhort on vleep. Desny sn the woodv sv reFujenatsny. im ylad Cor the volstude, ejen thouyh stv an slluvson, begauve im probablc on-vgreen rsyht now. Kot gonvsvtentlc but oCC and on. xhere are vo manc deathv to vhow the Csrvt dac that a trsbute trekksny

throuyh the woodv svnt mugh to look at. Dut thecll vhow me enouyh to let people know im alsje, unsnFured and on the moje. Lne oC the heajsevt dacv oC bettsny sv the opensny, when the snstsal gavualtsev gome sn. Dut that gant gompare to what happenv av the Cseld vhrsnkv to a handCul oC placerv. itv late aCternoon when i beysn to hear the gannonv. Pagh vhot repreventv a dead trsbute. xhe Csyhtsny muvt haje Csnallc vtopped at the Bornugopsa. xhec nejer gollegt the bloodbath bodsev untsl the ksllerv haje dsvperved. Ln the opensny dac, thec dont ejen Csre the gannonv untsl the snstsal Csyhtsnyv ojer begauve stv too hard to keep tragk oC the Catalstsev. i allow mcvelC to pauve, pantsny, av i gount the vhotv. Lne . . . xwo . . . xhree . . . Ln and on untsl thec reagh elejen. Plejen dead sn all. xhsrteen leCt to plac. Hc Csnyernaslv vgrape at the drsed blood the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 9 gouyhed snto mc Cage. qev yone, gertasnlc. i wonder about zeeta. qav he lavted throuyh the dac? ill know sn a Cew hourv. fhen thec proFegt the deadv smayev snto the vkc Cor the revt oC uv to vee. All oC a vudden, im ojerwhelmed bc the thouyht that zeeta mac be alreadc lovt, bled whste, gollegted, and sn the progevv oC besny tranvported bagk to the Bapstol to be gleaned up, redrevved, and vhspped sn a vsmple wooden boG bagk to Jsvtrsgt 12. Ko lonyer here.qeadsny home. i trc hard to remember sC i vaw hsm onge the agtson vtarted. Dut the lavt smaye i gan gonFure up sv zeeta vhaksny hsv head av the yony rany out. Hacbe stv better, sC hev yone alreadc. qe had no gonCsdenge he gould wsn. And i wsll not end up wsth the unpleavant tavk oC ksllsny hsm. Hacbe stv better sC hev out oC thsv Cor yood. i vlump down neGt to mc pagk, eGhauvted. i need to yo throuyh st ancwac beCore nsyht Callv. Eee what i haje to work wsth. Av i unhook the vtrapv, i gan Ceel stv vturdslc made althouyh a rather unCortunate golor. xhsv oranye wsll pragtsgallc ylow sn the dark. i make a mental note to gamouClaye st Csrvt thsny tomorrow. i Clsp open the Clap. fhat i want movt, rsyht at thsv moment, sv water. qacmstghv dsregtsje to smmedsatelc Csnd water wav not arbstrarc. i wont lavt lony wsthout st. Ror a Cew dacv, ill be able to Cungtson wsth unpleavant vcmptomv oC dehcdratson, but aCter that i'll detersorate snto helplevvnevv and be dead sn a week, topv. i

gareCullc lac out the projsvsonv. Lne thsn blagk vleepsny bay that reClegtv bodc heal. A pagk oC gragkerv. A pagk oC drsed beeC vtrspv. A bottle oC sodsne. A boG oC wooden matghev. A vmall gosl oC wsre. A pasr oC vunylavvev. And a halC-yallon plavtsg

bottle wsth a gap Cor garrcsny water that'v bone drc. Ko water. qow hard would st haje been Cor them to Csll up the bottle? i begome aware oC the drcnevv sn mc throat and mouth, the gragkv sn mc lspv. i'je been mojsny all dac lony. it'v been hot and i'je vweat a lot. i do thsv at home, but there are alwacv vtreamv to drsnk Crom, or vnow to melt sC st vhould gome to st. Av i reCsll mc pagk i haje an awCul thouyht. xhe lake. xhe one i vaw whsle i wav wastsny Cor the yony to vound. fhat sC that'v the onlc water vourge sn the arena? xhat wac thec'll yuarantee drawsny uv sn to Csyht. xhe lake sv a Cull dac'v Fournec Crom where i vst now, a mugh harder Fournec wsth nothsny to drsnk. And then, ejen sC i reagh st, st'v vure to be heajslc yuarded bc vome oC the Bareer xrsbutev. i'm about to pansg when i remember the rabbst i vtartled earlser todac. it hav to drsnk, too. i Fuvt haje to Csnd out where. xwslsyht sv glovsny sn and i am sll at eave. xhe treev are too thsn to oCCer mugh gongealment. xhe lacer oC psne needlev that muCClev mc Cootvtepv alvo makev tragksny ansmalv harder when i need thesr traslv to Csnd water. And i'm vtsll headsny downhsll, deeper and deeper snto a jallec that veemv endlevv. im hunyrc, too, but i dont dare break snto mc pregsouv vtore oC gragkerv and beeC cet. invtead, i take mc knsCe and yo to work on a psne tree, guttsny awac the outer bark and vgrapsny oCC a larye handCul oC the voCter snner bark. i vlowlc ghew the vtuCC av i walk alony. ACter a week oC the Csnevt Cood sn the world, stv a lsttle hard to ghoke down. Dut ije eaten plentc oC psne sn mc lsCe. ill adFuvt Nusgklc. in another hour, stv glear ije yot to Csnd a plage to gamp. Ksyht greaturev are gomsny out. i gan hear the oggavsonal hoot or howl, mc Csrvt glue that ill be gompetsny wsth natural predatorv Cor the rabbstv. Av to whether ill be jsewed av a vourge oC Cood, stv too voon to tell. xhere gould be anc number oC ansmalv vtalksny me at thsv moment. Dut rsyht now, i degsde to make mc Cellow trsbutev a prsorstc. im vure manc wsll gontsnue huntsny throuyh the nsyht. xhove who Couyht st out at the Bornugopsa wsll haje Cood, an abundange oC water Crom the lake, torghev or Clavhlsyhtv, and weaponv thecre stghsny to uve. i gan onlc hope ije trajeled Car and Cavt enouyh to be out oC ranye. DeCore vettlsny down, i take mc wsre and vet two twstgh-up vnarev sn the bruvh. i know stv rsvkc to be vettsny trapv, but Cood wsll yo vo Cavt out here. And i gant vet vnarev on the run. Etsll, i walk another Csje msnutev beCore maksny gamp. i psgk mc tree gareCullc. A wsllow, not terrsblc tall but vet sn a glump oC other wsllowv, oCCersny gongealment sn thove lony, Clowsny trevvev. i glsmb up, vtsgksny to the vtronyer

branghev glove to

the trunk, and Csnd a vturdc Cork Cor mc bed. it takev vome dosny, but i arranye the vleepsny bay sn a relatsjelc gomCortable manner. i plage mc bagkpagk sn the Coot oC the bay, then vlsde sn aCter st. Av a pregautson, i remoje mc belt, loop st all the wac around the brangh and mc vleepsny bay, and reCavten st at mc wasvt. Kow sC i roll ojer sn mc vleep, i wont yo gravhsny to the yround. im vmall enouyh to tugk the top oC the bay ojer mc head, but i put on mc hood av well. Av nsyht Callv, the asr sv goolsny Nusgklc. Jevpste the rsvk i took sn yettsny the bagkpagk, i know now st wav the rsyht ghosge. xhsv vleepsny bay, radsatsny bagk and preverjsny mc bodc heat, wsll be snjaluable. im vure there are vejeral other trsbutev whove bsyyevt gongern rsyht now sv how to vtac warm whereav i mac agtuallc be able to yet a Cew hourv oC vleep. iC onlc i wavnt vo thsrvtc . . . Ksyht hav Fuvt gome when i hear the anthem that progeedv the death regap. xhrouyh the branghev i gan vee the veal oC the Bapstol, whsgh appearv to be Cloatsny sn the vkc. im agtuallc jsewsny another vgreen, an enormouv one thatv tranvported bc oC one oC thesr dsvappearsny hojergraCt. xhe anthem Cadev out and the vkc yoev dark Cor a moment. At home, we would be watghsny Cull gojeraye oC eagh and ejerc ksllsny, but thatv thouyht to ysje an unCasr adjantaye to the lsjsny trsbutev. Ror snvtange, sC i yot mc handv on the bow and vhot vomeone, mc vegret would be rejealed to all. Ko, here sn the arena, all we vee are the vame photoyraphv thec vhowed when thec telejsved our trasnsny vgorev. Esmple head vhotv. Dut now snvtead oC vgorev thec povt onlc dsvtrsgt numberv. i take a deep breath av the Cage oC the elejen dead trsbutev beysn and tsgk them oCC one bc one on mc Csnyerv. xhe Csrvt to appear sv the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 3. xhat meanv that the Bareer xrsbutev Crom 1 and 2 haje all vurjsjed. Ko vurprsve there. xhen the boc Crom 4. i dsdnt eGpegt that one, uvuallc all the Bareerv make st throuyh the Csrvt dac. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 5 . . . i yuevv the CoG-Caged ysrl made st. Doth trsbutev Crom 6 and 7. xhe boc Crom 8. Doth Crom 9. Oev, therev the boc who i Couyht Cor the bagkpagk. ije run throuyh mc Csnyerv, onlc one more dead trsbute to yo. iv st zeeta? Ko, therev the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 10. xhatv st. xhe Bapstol veal sv bagk wsth a Csnal muvsgal Cloursvh. xhen darknevv and the voundv oC the Corevt revume. im relsejed zeetav alsje. i tell mcvelC ayasn that sC i yet kslled, hsv wsnnsny wsll beneCst mc mother and zrsm the movt. xhsv sv what i tell

mcvelC to eGplasn the gonClsgtsny emotsonv that arsve when i thsnk oC zeeta. xhe yratstude that he yaje me an edye bc proCevvsny hsv loje Cor me sn the snterjsew. xhe anyer at hsv vupersorstc on the rooC. xhe dread that we mac gome Cage-to-Cage at anc moment sn thsv arena. Plejen dead, but none Crom Jsvtrsgt 12. i trc to work out who sv leCt. Rsje Bareer xrsbutev. RoGCage. xhrevh and Que. Que . . . Eo vhe made st throuyh the Csrvt dac aCter all. i gant

help Ceelsny ylad. xhat makev ten oC uv. xhe other three ill Csyure out tomorrow. Kow when st sv dark, and i haje trajeled Car, and i am nevtled hsyh sn thsv tree, now i muvt trc and revt. i hajent reallc vlept sn two dacv, and then therev been the lony dacv Fournec snto the arena. Elowlc, i allow mc muvglev to relaG. Hc ecev to glove. xhe lavt thsny i thsnk sv stv lugkc i dont vnore. . . . Enap! xhe vound oC a breaksny brangh wakev me. qow lony haje i been avleep? Rour hourv? Rsje? xhe tsp oC mc nove sv sgc gold. Enap! Enap! fhatv yosny on? xhsv sv not the vound oC a brangh under vomeonev Coot, but the vharp gragk oC one gomsny Crom a tree. Enap! Enap! i Fudye st to be vejeral hundred cardv to mc rsyht. Elowlc, nosvelevvlc, i turn mcvelC sn that dsregtson. Ror a Cew msnutev, therev nothsny but blagknevv and vome vguCClsny. xhen i vee a vpark and a vmall Csre beysnv to bloom. A pasr oC handv warmv ojer Clamev, but i gant make out more than that. i haje to bste mc lsp not to vgream ejerc Coul name i know at the Csre vtarter. fhat are thec thsnksny? A Csre ill Fuvt at nsyhtCall would haje been one thsny. xhove who battled at the Bornugopsa, wsth thesr vupersor vtrenyth and vurpluv oC vupplsev, thec gouldnt povvsblc haje been near enouyh to vpot the Clamev then. Dut now, when thecje probablc been gombsny the woodv Cor hourv looksny Cor jsgtsmv. Oou msyht av well be wajsny a Clay and vhoutsny, Bome and yet me! And here i am a vtonev throw Crom the bsyyevt sdsot sn the Iamev. Etrapped sn a tree. Kot darsny to Clee vsnge mc yeneral logatson hav Fuvt been broadgavt to anc ksller who garev. i mean, i know stv gold out here and not ejercbodc hav a vleepsny bay. Dut then cou yrst cour teeth and vtsgk st out untsl dawn! i lac vmoldersny sn mc bay Cor the neGt gouple oC hourv reallc thsnksny that sC i gan yet out oC thsv tree, i wont haje the leavt problem taksny out mc new nesyhbor. Hc snvtsngt hav been to Clee, not Csyht. Dut objsouvlc thsv pervonv a haMard. Etupsd people are danyerouv. And thsv one probablc doevnt haje mugh sn the wac oC weaponv whsle ije yot thsv eGgellent knsCe.

xhe vkc sv vtsll dark, but i gan Ceel the Csrvt vsynv oC dawn approaghsny. im beysnnsny to thsnk we meansny the pervon whove death im now dejsvsny and me we msyht agtuallc haje yone unnotsged. xhen i hear st. Eejeral pasrv oC Ceet breaksny snto a run. xhe Csre vtarter muvt haje doMed oCC. xhecre on her beCore vhe gan evgape. i know stv a ysrl now, i gan tell bc the pleadsny, the ayonsMed vgream that Collowv. xhen therev lauyhter and gonyratulatsonv Crom vejeral josgev. Eomeone grsev out, xwelje down and elejen to yo! whsgh yetv a round oC appregsatsje hootv. Eo thecre Csyhtsny sn a pagk. im not reallc vurprsved. LCten allsangev are Cormed sn the earlc vtayev oC the Iamev. xhe vtrony band toyether to hunt down the weak then, when the tenvson begomev too yreat, beysn to turn on one another. i dont haje to wonder too hard who hav made thsv allsange. itll be the remasnsny Bareer

xrsbutev Crom Jsvtrsgtv 1, 2, and 4. xwo bocv and three ysrlv. xhe onev who lunghed toyether. Ror a moment, i hear them ghegksny the ysrl Cor vupplsev. i gan tell bc thesr gommentv thecje Cound nothsny yood. i wonder sC the jsgtsm sv Que but Nusgklc dsvmsvv the thouyht. Ehev mugh too brsyht to be busldsny a Csre lske that. Detter glear out vo thec gan yet the bodc beCore st vtartv vtsnksny. im almovt gertasn thatv the brutsvh boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 2. xhere are murmurv oC avvent and then, to mc horror, i hear the pagk headsny toward me. xhec do not know im here. qow gould thec? And im well gongealed sn the glump oC treev. At leavt whsle the vun vtacv down. xhen mc blagk vleepsny bay wsll turn Crom gamouClaye to trouble. iC thec Fuvt keep mojsny, thec wsll pavv me and be yone sn a msnute. Dut the Bareerv vtop sn the glearsny about ten cardv Crom mc tree. xhec haje Clavhlsyhtv, torghev. i gan vee an arm here, a boot there, throuyh the breakv sn the branghev. i turn to vtone, not ejen darsny to breathe. qaje thec vpotted me? Ko, not cet. i gan tell Crom thesr wordv thesr msndv are elvewhere. Ehouldnt we haje heard a gannon bc now? id vac cev. Kothsny to prejent them Crom yosny sn smmedsatelc. Vnlevv vhe svnt dead. Ehev dead. i vtugk her mcvelC. xhen wherev the gannon? Eomeone vhould yo bagk. Hake vure the Fobv done. Oeah, we dont want to haje to tragk her down twsge. i vasd vhev dead! An aryument breakv out untsl one trsbute vslengev the otherv. fere wavtsny tsme! ill yo Csnsvh her and letv moje on! i almovt Call out oC the tree. xhe josge belonyv to zeeta.

12.

xhank yoodnevv, i had the Corevsyht to belt mcvelC sn. ije rolled vsdewacv oCC the Cork and im Cagsny the yround, held sn plage bc the belt, one hand, and mc Ceet vtraddlsny the pagk snvsde mc vleepsny bay, braged ayasnvt the trunk. xhere muvt haje been vome ruvtlsny when i tspped vsdewacv, but the Bareerv haje been too gauyht up sn thesr own aryument to gatgh st. Io on, then, Sojer Doc, vacv the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 2. Eee Cor courvelC. i Fuvt yet a ylsmpve oC zeeta, lst bc a torgh, headsny bagk to the ysrl bc the Csre. qsv Cage sv vwollen wsth brusvev, therev a bloodc bandaye on one arm, and Crom the vound oC hsv yast hev lsmpsny vomewhat. i remember hsm vhaksny hsm hsv head, tellsny me not to yo snto the Csyht Cor the vupplsev, when all alony, all alony hed planned to throw hsmvelC snto the thsgk oC thsnyv. Uuvt the oppovste oC what qacmstgh had msd hsm to do. Lkac, i gan vtomagh that. Eeesny all thove vupplsev wav temptsny. Dut thsv . . . xhsv other thsny. xhsv teamsny up wsth the Bareer wolC pagk to hunt down the revt oC uv. Ko one Crom Jsvtrsgt 12 would thsnk oC dosny vugh a thsny! Bareer trsbutev are ojerlc jsgsouv, arroyant, better Ced, but onlc begauve thecre the Bapstolv lapdoyv. Vnsjervallc, volsdlc hated bc all but thove Crom thesr own dsvtrsgtv. i gan smaysne the thsnyv thecre vacsny about hsm bagk home now. And zeeta had the yall to talk to me about dsvyrage? Lbjsouvlc, the noble boc on the rooCtop

wav placsny Fuvt one more yame wsth me. Dut thsv wsll be hsv lavt. i wsll eayerlc watgh the nsyht vksev Cor vsynv oC hsv death, sC i dont ksll hsm Csrvt mcvelC. xhe Bareer trsbutev are vslent untsl he yetv out oC ear vhot, then uve huvhed josgev. fhc dont we Fuvt ksll hsm now and yet st ojer wsth? Set hsm tay alony. fhatv the harm? And hev handc wsth that knsCe. iv he? xhatv newv. fhat a lot oC snterevtsny thsnyv im learnsny about mc Crsend zeeta todac. Devsdev, hev our bevt ghange oC Csndsny her. it takev me a moment to reysvter that the her thecre reCerrsny to sv me. fhc? Oou thsnk vhe bouyht snto that vappc romange vtuCC? Ehe msyht haje. Eeemed prettc vsmplemsnded to me. Pjerc tsme i thsnk about her vpsnnsny around sn that drevv, i want to puke. fsvh we knew how vhe yot that elejen. Det cou Sojer Doc knowv. xhe vound oC zeeta returnsny vslengev them. fav vhe dead? avkv the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 2. Ko. Dut vhe sv

now, vacv zeeta. Uuvt then, the gannon Csrev. Qeadc to moje on? xhe Bareer pagk vetv oCC at a run Fuvt av dawn beysnv to break, and bsrdvony Csllv the asr. i remasn sn mc awkward povstson, muvglev tremblsny wsth eGertson Cor a whsle lonyer, then hosvt mcvelC bagk onto mc brangh. i need to yet down, to yet yosny, but Cor a moment i lse there, dsyevtsny what ije heard. Kot onlc sv zeeta wsth the Bareerv, hev helpsny them Csnd me. xhe vsmplemsnded ysrl who hav to be taken versouvlc begauve oC her elejen. Degauve vhe gan uve a bow and arrow. fhsgh zeeta knowv better than ancone. Dut he havnt told them cet. iv he vajsny that snCormatson begauve he knowv stv all that keepv hsm alsje? iv he vtsll pretendsny to loje me Cor the audsenge? fhat sv yosny on sn hsv head? Euddenlc, the bsrdv Call vslent. xhen one ysjev a hsyh-pstghed warnsny gall. A vsnyle note. Uuvt lske the one Iale and i heard when the redheaded AjoG ysrl wav gauyht. qsyh aboje the dcsny gampCsre a hojergraCt matersalsMev. A vet oC huye metal teeth dropv down. Elowlc, yentlc, the dead trsbute ysrl sv lsCted snto the hojergraCt. xhen st jansvhev. xhe bsrdv revume thesr vony. Hoje, i whsvper to mcvelC. i wrsyyle out oC mc vleepsny bay, roll st up, and plage st sn the pagk. i take a deep breath. fhsle ije been gongealed bc darknevv and the vleepsny bay and the wsllow

branghev, st hav probablc been dsCCsgult Cor the gamerav to yet a yood vhot oC me. i know thec muvt be tragksny me now thouyh. xhe msnute i hst the yround, im yuaranteed a glove-up. xhe audsenge wsll haje been bevsde themveljev, knowsny i wav sn the tree, that i ojerheard the Bareerv talksny, that i dsvgojered zeeta wav wsth them. Vntsl i work out eGagtlc how i want to plac that, id better at leavt agt on top oC thsnyv. Kot perpleGed. Bertasnlc not gonCuved or Crsyhtened. Ko, i need to look one vtep ahead oC the yame. Eo av i vlsde out oC the Colsaye and snto the dawn lsyht, i pauve a vegond, ysjsny the gamerav tsme to logk on me. xhen i gogk mc head vlsyhtlc to the vsde and ysje a knowsny vmsle. xhere! Set them Csyure out

what that meanv! im about to take oCC when i thsnk oC mc vnarev. Hacbe stv smprudent to ghegk them wsth the otherv vo glove. Dut haje to. xoo manc cearv oC huntsny, i yuevv. And the lure oC povvsble meat. im rewarded wsth one Csne rabbst. in no tsme, ije gleaned and yutted the ansmal, leajsny the head, Ceet, tasl, vksn, and snnardv, under a psle oC leajev. im wsvhsny Cor a Csre eatsny raw rabbst gan ysje cou rabbst Cejer, a levvon i learned the hard wac when i thsnk oC the dead trsbute. i hurrc

bagk to her gamp. Eure enouyh, the goalv oC her dcsny Csre are vtsll hot. i gut up the rabbst, Cavhson a vpst out oC branghev, and vet st ojer the goalv. im ylad Cor the gamerav now. i want vponvorv to vee i gan hunt, that im a yood bet begauve i wont be lured snto trapv av eavslc av the otherv wsll bc hunyer. fhsle the rabbst gookv, i yrsnd up part oC a gharred brangh and vet about gamouClaysny mc oranye pagk. xhe blagk tonev st down, but i Ceel a lacer oC mud would deCsnstelc help. LC gourve, to haje mud, id need water . . . i pull on mc year, yrab mc vpst, ksgk vome dsrt ojer the goalv, and take oCC sn the oppovste dsregtson the Bareerv went. i eat halC the rabbst av i yo, then wrap up the leCtojerv sn mc plavtsg Cor later. xhe meat vtopv the yrumblsny sn mc vtomagh but doev lsttle to Nuengh mc thsrvt. fater sv mc top prsorstc now. Av i hske alony, i Ceel gertasn im vtsll holdsny the vgreen sn the Bapstol, vo im gareCul to gontsnue to hsde mc emotsonv. Dut what a yood tsme Blaudsuv xemplevmsth muvt be hajsny wsth hsv yuevt gommentatorv, dsvvegtsny zeetav behajsor, mc reagtson. fhat to make oC st all? qav zeeta rejealed hsv true golorv? qow doev thsv aCCegt the bettsny oddv? fsll we love vponvorv? Jo we ejen haje vponvorv? Oev, i Ceel gertasn we do, or at leavt dsd. Bertasnlc zeeta hav thrown a wrengh snto our vtar-grovved lojer

dcnamsg. Lr hav he? Hacbe, vsnge he havnt vpoken mugh about me, we gan vtsll yet vome msleaye out oC st. Hacbe people wsll thsnk stv vomethsny we plotted toyether sC i veem lske st amuvev me now. xhe vun rsvev sn the vkc and ejen throuyh the ganopc st veemv ojerlc brsyht. i goat mc lspv sn vome yreave Crom the rabbst and trc to keep Crom pantsny, but stv no uve. itv onlc been a dac and im dehcdratsny Cavt. i trc and thsnk oC ejercthsny i know about Csndsny water. it runv downhsll, vo, sn Cagt, gontsnusny down snto thsv jallec svnt a bad thsny. iC i gould Fuvt logate a yame trasl or vpot a partsgularlc yreen patgh oC jeyetatson, theve msyht help me alony, but nothsny veemv to ghanye. xherev Fuvt the vlsyht yradual vlope, the bsrdv, the vamenevv to the treev. Av the dac wearv on, i know im headed Cor trouble. fhat lsttle ursne ije been able to pavv sv a dark brown, mc head sv aghsny, and therev a drc patgh on mc tonyue that reCuvev to mosvten. xhe vun hurtv mc ecev vo i dsy out mc vunylavvev, but when i put them on thec do vomethsny Cunnc to mc jsvson, vo i Fuvt vtuCC them bagk sn mc pagk. itv late aCternoon when i thsnk ije Cound

help. i vpot a gluvter oC berrc buvhev and hurrc to vtrsp the Crust, to vugk the

vweet Fusgev Crom the vksnv. Dut Fuvt av im holdsny them to mc lspv, i yet a hard look at them. fhat i thouyht were blueberrsev haje a vlsyhtlc dsCCerent vhape, and when i break one open the snvsdev are bloodred. i dont regoynsMe theve berrsev, perhapv thec are edsble, but im yuevvsny thsv sv vome ejsl trsgk on the part oC the Iamemakerv. Pjen the plant snvtrugtor sn the xrasnsny Benter made a posnt oC tellsny uv to ajosd berrsev unlevv cou were 100 pergent vure thec werent toGsg. Eomethsny i alreadc knew, but im vo thsrvtc st takev her remsnder to ysje me the vtrenyth to Clsny them awac. Ratsyue sv beysnnsny to vettle on me, but stv not the uvual tsrednevv that Collowv a lony hske. i haje to vtop and revt CreNuentlc, althouyh i know the onlc gure Cor what aslv me reNusrev gontsnued vearghsny. i trc a new tagtsg glsmbsny a tree av hsyh av i dare sn mc vhakc vtate to look Cor anc vsynv oC water. Dut av Car av i gan vee sn anc dsregtson, therev the vame unrelentsny vtretgh oC Corevt. Jetermsned to yo on untsl nsyhtCall, i walk untsl im vtumblsny ojer mc own Ceet. PGhauvted, i haul mcvelC up snto a tree and belt mcvelC sn. ije no appetste, but i vugk on a rabbst bone Fuvt to ysje mc mouth vomethsny to do. Ksyht Callv, the anthem placv, and hsyh sn the vkc i vee the psgture oC the ysrl, who wav apparentlc Crom Jsvtrsgt 8. xhe one zeeta went

bagk to Csnsvh oCC. Hc Cear oC the Bareer pagk sv msnor gompared to mc burnsny thsrvt. Devsdev, thec were headsny awac Crom me and bc now thec, too, wsll haje to revt. fsth the vgargstc oC water, thec mac ejen haje had to return to the lake Cor reCsllv. Hacbe, that sv the onlc gourve Cor me av well. Hornsny brsnyv dsvtrevv. Hc headv throbv wsth ejerc beat oC mc heart. Esmple mojementv vend vtabv oC pasn throuyh mc Fosntv. i Call, rather than Fump Crom the tree. it takev vejeral msnutev Cor me to avvemble mc year. Eomewhere snvsde me, i know thsv sv wrony. i vhould be agtsny wsth more gautson, mojsny wsth more uryengc. Dut mc msnd veemv Coyyc and Cormsny a plan sv hard. i lean bagk ayasnvt the trunk oC mc tree, one Csnyer ysnyerlc vtroksny the vandpaper vurCage oC mc tonyue, av i avvevv mc optsonv. qow gan i yet water? Qeturn to the lake. Ko yood. id nejer make st. qope Cor rasn. xherev not a gloud sn the vkc. Teep looksny. Oev, thsv sv mc onlc ghange. Dut then, another thouyht hstv me, and the vurye oC anyer that Collowv brsnyv me to me venvev. qacmstgh! qe gould vend me water! zrevv a button and haje st delsjered to me sn a vsljer paraghute sn msnutev. i know i muvt haje vponvorv, at leavt one or two who gould aCCord a psnt oC lsNusd Cor me. Oev, stv prsgec, but theve people, thecre made oC monec. And thecll

be bettsny on me av well. zerhapv qacmstgh doevnt realsMe how deep mc need sv. i vac sn a josge av loud av i dare. fater. i wast, hopeCullc, Cor a paraghute to devgend Crom the vkc. Dut nothsny sv Corthgomsny. Eomethsny sv wrony.

Am i deluded about hajsny vponvorv? Lr hav zeetav behajsor made them all hany bagk? Ko, i dont belseje st. xherev vomeone out there who wantv to buc me water onlc qacmstgh sv reCuvsny to let st yo throuyh. Av mc mentor, he yetv to gontrol the Clow oC ysCtv Crom the vponvorv. i know he hatev me. qev made that glear enouyh. Dut enouyh to let me dse? Rrom thsv? qe gant do that, gan he? iC a mentor msvtreatv hsv trsbutev, hell be held aggountable bc the jsewerv, bc the people bagk sn Jsvtrsgt 12. Pjen qacmstgh wouldnt rsvk that, would he? Eac what cou wsll about mc Cellow traderv sn the qob, but i dont thsnk thecd welgome hsm bagk there sC he let me dse thsv wac. And then where would he yet hsv lsNuor? Eo . . . fhat? iv he trcsny to make me vuCCer Cor deCcsny hsm? iv he dsregtsny all the vponvorv toward zeeta? iv he Fuvt too drunk to ejen notsge whatv yosny on at the moment? Eomehow i dont belseje that and i dont belseje hev trcsny to ksll me oCC bc neylegt, esther. qe hav, sn Cagt, sn hsv own unpleavant wac, yenusnelc been trcsny to prepare me Cor thsv. xhen what sv yosny on? i burc mc Cage sn mc handv. xherev no danyer oC tearv now, i gouldnt produge one to vaje mc lsCe. fhat sv qacmstgh dosny? Jevpste mc anyer, hatred, and vuvpsgsonv, a vmall josge sn the bagk oC mc head whsvperv an anvwer. Hacbe hev vendsny cou a mevvaye, st vacv. A mevvaye. Eacsny what? xhen i know. xherev onlc one yood reavon qacmstgh gould be wsthholdsny water Crom me. Degauve he knowv ije almovt Cound st. i yrst mc teeth and pull mcvelC to mc Ceet. Hc bagkpagk veemv to haje trspled sn wesyht. i Csnd a broken brangh that wsll do Cor a walksny vtsgk and i vtart oCC. xhe vunv beatsny down, ejen more vearsny than the Csrvt two dacv. i Ceel lske an old psege oC leather, drcsny and gragksny sn the heat. Pjerc vtep sv an eCCort, but i reCuve to vtop. i reCuve to vst down. iC i vst, therev a yood ghange i wont be able to yet up ayasn, that i wont ejen remember mc tavk. fhat eavc prec i am! Anc trsbute, ejen tsnc Que, gould take me rsyht now, merelc vhoje me ojer and ksll me wsth mc own knsCe, and id haje lsttle vtrenyth to revsvt. Dut sC ancone sv sn mc part oC the woodv, thec synore me. xhe truth sv, i Ceel a msllson mslev Crom another lsjsny voul. Kot alone thouyh. Ko, thecje vurelc yot a gamera tragksny me now. i thsnk bagk to

the cearv oC watghsny trsbutev vtarje, CreeMe, bleed, and dehcdrate to death. Vnlevv therev a reallc yood Csyht yosny on vomewhere, im besny Ceatured. Hc thouyhtv turn to zrsm. itv lskelc vhe wont be watghsny me lsje, but thecll vhow updatev at the vghool dursny lungh. Ror her vake, i trc to look av leavt devperate av i gan. Dut bc aCternoon, i know the end sv gomsny. Hc leyv are vhaksny and mc heart too Nusgk. i keep Coryettsny, eGagtlc what im dosny. ije vtumbled repeatedlc and manayed to reyasn mc Ceet, but when the vtsgk vlsdev out Crom under me, i Csnallc tumble to the yround unable to yet up. i let mc ecev glove. i haje msvFudyed qacmstgh. qe hav no

sntentson oC helpsny me at all. xhsv sv all rsyht, i thsnk. xhsv sv not vo bad here. xhe asr sv levv hot, vsynsCcsny ejensnyv approagh. xherev a vlsyht, vweet vgent that remsndv me oC lslsev. Hc Csnyerv vtroke the vmooth yround, vlsdsny eavslc agrovv the top. xhsv sv an okac plage to dse, i thsnk. Hc Csnyertspv make vmall vwsrlsny patternv sn the gool, vlspperc earth. i loje mud, i thsnk. qow manc tsmev ije tragked yame wsth the help oC stv voCt, readable vurCage. Iood Cor bee vtsnyv, too. Hud. Hud. Hud! Hc ecev Clc open and i dsy mc Csnyerv snto the earth. it sv mud! Hc nove lsCtv sn the asr. And thove are lslsev! zond lslsev! i grawl now, throuyh the mud, drayysny mcvelC toward the vgent. Rsje cardv Crom where i Cell, i grawl throuyh a tanyle oC plantv snto a pond. Rloatsny on the top, cellow Clowerv sn bloom, are mc beautsCul lslsev. itv all i gan do not to plunye mc Cage snto the water and yulp down av mugh av i gan hold. Dut i haje Fuvt enouyh venve leCt to abvtasn. fsth tremblsny handv, i yet out mc Clavk and Csll st wsth water. i add what i remember to be the rsyht number oC dropv oC sodsne Cor pursCcsny st. xhe halC an hour oC wastsny sv ayonc, but i do st. At leavt, i thsnk stv a halC an hour, but stv gertasnlc av lony av i gan vtand. Elowlc, eavc now, i tell mcvelC. i take one vwallow and make mcvelC wast. xhen another. Ljer the neGt gouple oC hourv, i drsnk the entsre halC yallon. xhen a vegond. i prepare another beCore i retsre to a tree where i gontsnue vsppsny, eatsny rabbst, and ejen sndulye sn one oC mc pregsouv gragkerv. Dc the tsme the anthem placv, i Ceel remarkablc better. xhere are no Cagev tonsyht, no trsbutev dsed todac. xomorrow ill vtac here, revtsny, gamouClaysny mc bagkpagk wsth mud, gatghsny vome oC thove lsttle Csvh i vaw av i vspped, dsyysny up the rootv oC the pond lslsev to make a nsge meal. i vnuyyle down sn mc vleepsny bay, hanysny on to mc water bottle Cor dear lsCe, whsgh, oC gourve, st sv. A Cew hourv later,

the vtampede oC Ceet vhakev me Crom vlumber. i look around sn bewslderment. itv not cet dawn, but mc vtsnysny ecev gan vee st. it would be hard to msvv the wall oC Csre devgendsny on me.

13.

Hc Csrvt smpulve sv to vgramble Crom the tree, but im belted sn. Eomehow mc Cumblsny Csnyerv releave the bugkle and i Call to the yround sn a heap, vtsll vnarled sn mc vleepsny bay. xherev no tsme Cor anc ksnd oC pagksny. Rortunatelc, mc bagkpagk and water bottle are alreadc sn the bay. i vhoje sn the belt, hosvt the bay ojer mc vhoulder, and Clee. xhe world hav tranvCormed to Clame and vmoke. Durnsny branghev gragk Crom treev and Call sn vhowerv oC vparkv at mc Ceet. All i gan do sv Collow the otherv, the rabbstv and deer and i ejen vpot a wsld doy pagk vhootsny throuyh the woodv. i truvt thesr venve oC dsregtson begauve thesr snvtsngtv are vharper than msne. Dut thec are mugh Cavter, Clcsny throuyh the underbruvh vo yrageCullc av mc bootv gatgh on rootv and Callen tree lsmbv, that therev no wac i gan keep apage wsth them. xhe heat sv horrsble, but worve than the heat sv the vmoke, whsgh threatenv to vuCCogate me at anc moment. i pull the top oC mc vhsrt up ojer mc nove, yrateCul to Csnd st voaked sn vweat, and st oCCerv a thsn jesl oC protegtson. And i run, ghoksny, mc bay banysny ayasnvt mc bagk, mc Cage gut wsth branghev that matersalsMe Crom the yrac haMe wsthout warnsny, begauve i know i am vuppoved to run. xhsv wav no trsbutev gampCsre yone out oC gontrol, no aggsdental oggurrenge. xhe Clamev that bear down on me haje an unnatural hesyht, a unsCormstc that markv them av human-made, maghsne-made, Iamemaker-made. xhsnyv haje been too Nuset todac. Ko deathv, perhapv no Csyhtv at all. xhe audsenge sn the Bapstol wsll be yettsny bored, glasmsny that theve Iamev are jerysny on dullnevv. xhsv sv the one thsny the Iamev muvt not do. itv not hard to Collow the Iamemakerv motsjatson. xhere sv the Bareer pagk and then there are the revt oC uv, probablc vpread Car and thsn agrovv the arena. xhsv Csre sv devsyned to Cluvh uv out, to drsje uv toyether. it mac not be the movt orsysnal dejsge ije veen, but stv jerc, jerc eCCegtsje. i hurdle ojer a burnsny loy. Kot hsyh enouyh. xhe tasl end oC mc Fagket gatghev on Csre and i haje to vtop to rsp st Crom mc bodc and vtamp out the Clamev. Dut i dont dare leaje the Fagket, vgorghed and

vmoldersny av st sv, i take the rsvk oC vhojsny st sn mc vleepsny bay, hopsny the lagk oC asr wsll Nuell what i hajent eGtsnyusvhed. xhsv sv all i haje, what i garrc on mc bagk, and stv lsttle enouyh to vurjsje wsth. in a matter oC msnutev, mc throat and nove are burnsny. xhe gouyhsny beysnv voon aCter and mc lunyv beysn to Ceel av sC thec are agtuallc besny gooked. JsvgomCort turnv to dsvtrevv untsl eagh breath vendv a vearsny pasn throuyh mc ghevt. i manaye to take gojer under a vtone outgroppsny Fuvt av the jomstsny beysnv, and i love mc meayer vupper and whatejer water hav remasned sn mc vtomagh. Broughsny on mc handv and kneev, i retgh untsl therev nothsny leCt to gome up. i know i need to keep mojsny, but im tremblsny and lsyht-headed now, yavpsny Cor asr. i allow mcvelC about a vpoonCul oC water to rsnve mc mouth and vpst then take a Cew vwallowv Crom mc bottle. Oou yet one msnute, i tell mcvelC. Lne msnute to revt. i take the tsme to reorder mc vupplsev, wad up the vleepsny bay, and mevvslc vtuCC ejercthsny snto the bagkpagk. Hc msnutev up. i know stv tsme to moje on, but the vmoke hav glouded mc thouyhtv. xhe vwsCt-Cooted ansmalv that were mc gompavv haje leCt me behsnd. i know i hajent been sn thsv part oC the woodv beCore, there were no vsMable rogkv lske the one im vheltersny ayasnvt on mc earlser trajelv.

fhere are the Iamemakerv drsjsny me? Dagk to the lake? xo a whole new terrasn Cslled wsth new danyerv? i had Fuvt Cound a Cew hourv oC peage at the pond when thsv attagk beyan. fould there be anc wac i gould trajel parallel to the Csre and work mc wac bagk there, to a vourge oC water at leavt? xhe wall oC Csre muvt haje an

end and st wont burn sndeCsnstelc. Kot begauve the Iamemakerv gouldnt keep st Cueled but begauve, ayasn, that would snjste agguvatsonv oC boredom Crom the audsenge. iC i gould yet bagk behsnd the Csre lsne, i gould ajosd meetsny up wsth the Bareerv. ije Fuvt degsded to trc and loop bagk around, althouyh st wsll reNusre mslev oC trajel awac Crom the snCerno and then a jerc gsrgustouv route bagk, when the Csrvt Csreball blavtv snto the rogk about two Ceet Crom mc head. i vprsny out Crom under mc ledye, enerysMed bc renewed Cear. xhe yame hav taken a twsvt. xhe Csre wav Fuvt to yet uv mojsny, now the audsenge wsll yet to vee vome real Cun. fhen i hear the neGt hsvv, i Clatten on the yround, not taksny tsme to look. xhe Csreball hstv a tree oCC to mc leCt, enyulCsny st sn Clamev. xo remasn vtsll sv death. im barelc on mc Ceet beCore the thsrd ball hstv the yround where i wav lcsny, vendsny a psllar oC Csre up behsnd me. xsme

lovev meansny now av i Crantsgallc trc to dodye the attagkv. i gant vee where thecre besny launghed Crom, but stv not a hojergraCt. xhe anylev are not eGtreme enouyh. zrobablc thsv whole veyment oC the woodv hav been armed wsth pregsvson laungherv that are gongealed sn treev or rogkv. Eomewhere, sn a gool and vpotlevv room, a Iamemaker vstv at a vet oC gontrolv, Csnyerv on the trsyyerv that gould end mc lsCe sn a vegond. All that sv needed sv a dsregt hst. fhatejer jayue plan i had gongesjed reyardsny returnsny to mc pond sv wsped Crom mc msnd av i MsyMay and dsje and leap to ajosd the Csreballv. Pagh one sv onlc the vsMe oC an apple, but pagkv tremendouv power on gontagt. Pjerc venve i haje yoev snto ojerdrsje av the need to vurjsje takev ojer. xherev no tsme to Fudye sC a moje sv the gorregt one. fhen therev a hsvv, i agt or dse. Eomethsny keepv me mojsny Corward, thouyh. A lsCetsme oC watghsny the qunyer Iamev letv me know that gertasn areav oC the arena are rsyyed Cor gertasn attagkv. And that sC i gan Fuvt yet awac Crom thsv vegtson, i msyht be able to moje out oC reagh oC the laungherv. i msyht alvo then Call vtrasyht snto a pst oC jsperv, but i gant worrc about that now. qow lony i vgramble alony dodysny the Csreballv i gant vac, but the attagkv Csnallc beysn to abate. fhsgh sv yood, begauve im retghsny

ayasn. xhsv tsme stv an agsdsg vubvtange that vgaldv mc throat and makev stv wac snto mc nove av well. im Corged to vtop av mc bodc gonjulvev, trcsny devperatelc to rsd stvelC oC the posvonv ije been vugksny sn dursny the attagk. i wast Cor the neGt hsvv, the neGt vsynal to bolt. it doevnt gome. xhe Corge oC the retghsny hav vNueeMed tearv out oC mc vtsnysny ecev. Hc glothev are drenghed sn vweat. Eomehow, throuyh the vmoke and jomst, i psgk up the vgent oC vsnyed hasr. Hc hand Cumblev to mc brasd and Csndv a Csreball hav veared oCC at leavt vsG snghev oC st. Etrandv oC blagkened hasr grumble sn mc Csnyerv. i vtare at them, Cavgsnated bc the tranvCormatson, when the hsvvsny reysvterv. Hc muvglev reagt, onlc not Cavt enouyh

thsv tsme. xhe Csreball gravhev snto the yround at mc vsde, but not beCore st vksdv agrovv mc rsyht galC. Eeesny mc pantv ley on Csre vendv me ojer the edye. i twsvt and vguttle bagkward on mc handv and Ceet, vhrseksny, trcsny to remoje mcvelC Crom the horror. fhen i Csnallc reyasn enouyh venve, i roll the ley bagk and Corth on the yround, whsgh vtsClev the worvt oC st. Dut then, wsthout thsnksny, i rsp awac the remasnsny Cabrsg wsth mc bare handv. i vst on the yround, a Cew cardv Crom the blaMe

vet oCC bc the Csreball. Hc galC sv vgreamsny, mc handv gojered sn red weltv. im vhaksny too hard to moje. iC the Iamemakerv want to Csnsvh me oCC, now sv the tsme. i hear Bsnnav josge, garrcsny smayev oC rsgh Cabrsg and vparklsny yemv. Tatnsvv, the ysrl who wav on Csre. fhat a yood lauyh the Iamemakerv muvt be hajsny ojer that one. zerhapv, Bsnnav beautsCul govtumev haje ejen brouyht on thsv partsgular torture Cor me. i know he gouldnt haje Coreveen thsv, muvt be hurtsny Cor me begauve, sn Cagt, i belseje he garev about me. Dut all sn all, macbe vhowsny up vtark naked sn that gharsot would haje been vaCer Cor me. xhe attagk sv now ojer. xhe Iamemakerv dont want me dead. Kot cet ancwac. Pjercone knowv thec gould devtroc uv all wsthsn vegondv oC the opensny yony. xhe real vport oC the qunyer Iamev sv watghsny the trsbutev ksll one another. Pjerc vo oCten, thec do ksll a trsbute Fuvt to remsnd the placerv thec gan. Dut movtlc, thec manspulate uv snto gonCrontsny one another Cage-to-Cage. fhsgh meanv, sC i am no lonyer besny Csred at, there sv at leavt one other trsbute glove at hand. i would dray mcvelC snto a tree and take gojer now sC i gould, but the vmoke sv vtsll thsgk enouyh to ksll me. i make mcvelC vtand and beysn to lsmp awac Crom the wall oC Clamev that lsyhtv up the vkc. it doev not veem to be purvusny me anc lonyer, eGgept

wsth stv vtsnksny blagk gloudv. Another lsyht, daclsyht, beysnv to voCtlc emerye. Ewsrlv oC vmoke gatgh the vunbeamv. Hc jsvsbslstc sv poor. i gan vee macbe CsCteen cardv sn anc dsregtson. A trsbute gould eavslc be gongealed Crom me here. i vhould draw mc knsCe av a pregautson, but i doubt mc abslstc to hold st Cor lony. xhe pasn sn mc handv gan sn no wac gompete wsth that sn mc galC. i hate burnv, haje alwacv hated them, ejen a vmall one yotten Crom pullsny a pan oC bread Crom the ojen. it sv the worvt ksnd oC pasn to me, but i haje nejer eGpersenged ancthsny lske thsv. im vo wearc i dont ejen notsge im sn the pool untsl im ankle-deep. itv vprsny-Ced, bubblsny up out oC a grejsge sn vome rogkv, and blsvvCullc gool. i plunye mc handv snto the vhallow water and Ceel snvtant relseC. ivnt that what mc mother alwacv vacv? xhe Csrvt treatment Cor a burn sv gold water? xhat st drawv out the heat? Dut vhe meanv msnor burnv. zrobablc vhed regommend st Cor mc handv. Dut what oC mc galC? Althouyh i haje not cet had the gouraye to eGamsne st, im yuevvsny that stv an snFurc sn a whole dsCCerent glavv. i lse on mc vtomagh at edye oC the

pool Cor a whsle, danylsny mc handv sn the water, eGamsnsny the lsttle Clamev on

mc Csnyernaslv that are beysnnsny to ghsp oCC. Iood. ije had enouyh Csre Cor a lsCetsme. i bathe the blood and avh Crom mc Cage. i trc to regall all i know about burnv. xhec are gommon snFursev sn the Eeam where we gook and heat our homev wsth goal. xhen there are the msne aggsdentv. . . . A Camslc onge brouyht sn an ungonvgsouv couny man pleadsny wsth mc mother to help hsm. xhe dsvtrsgt dogtor whov revponvsble Cor treatsny the msnerv had wrstten hsm oCC, told the Camslc to take hsm home to dse. Dut thec wouldnt aggept thsv. qe lac on our kstghen table, venvelevv to the world. i yot a ylsmpve oC the wound on hsv thsyh, yapsny, gharred Clevh, burned glear down to the bone, beCore i ran Crom the houve. i went to the woodv and hunted the entsre dac, haunted bc the yruevome ley, memorsev oC mc Catherv death. fhatv Cunnc wav, zrsm, whov vgared oC her own vhadow, vtaced and helped. Hc mother vacv healerv are born, not made. xhec dsd thesr bevt, but the man dsed, Fuvt lske the dogtor vasd he would. Hc ley sv sn need oC attentson, but i vtsll gant look at st. fhat sC stv av bad av the manv and i gan vee mc bone? xhen i remember mc mother vacsny that sC a burnv vejere, the jsgtsm msyht not ejen Ceel pasn begauve the nerjev would be devtroced. Pngourayed bc thsv, i vst up and vwsny mc ley sn Cront oC me. i almovt Casnt

at the vsyht oC mc galC. xhe Clevh sv a brsllsant red gojered wsth blsvterv. i Corge mcvelC to take deep, vlow breathv, Ceelsny Nuste gertasn the gamerav are on mc Cage. i gant vhow weaknevv at thsv snFurc. Kot sC i want help. zstc doev not yet cou asd. Admsratson at cour reCuval to ysje sn doev. i gut the remasnv oC the pant ley oCC at the knee and eGamsne the snFurc more glovelc. xhe burned area sv about the vsMe oC mc hand. Kone oC the vksn sv blagkened. i thsnk stv not too bad to voak. Isnyerlc i vtretgh out mc ley snto the pool, proppsny the heel oC mc boot on a rogk vo the leather doevnt yet too vodden, and vsyh, begauve thsv doev oCCer vome relseC. i know there are herbv, sC i gould Csnd them, that would vpeed the healsny, but i gant Nuste gall them to msnd. fater and tsme wsll probablc be all i haje to work wsth. Ehould i be mojsny on? xhe vmoke sv vlowlc glearsny but vtsll too heajc to be healthc. iC i do gontsnue awac Crom the Csre, wont i be walksny vtrasyht snto the weaponv oC the Bareerv? Devsdev, ejerc tsme i lsCt mc ley Crom the water, the pasn reboundv vo sntenvelc i haje to vlsde st bagk sn. Hc handv are vlsyhtlc levv demandsny. xhec gan handle vmall breakv Crom the pool. Eo i vlowlc put mc year bagk sn order. Rsrvt i Csll mc bottle wsth the pool water, treat st, and when enouyh tsme hav pavved, beysn to rehcdrate mc bodc. ACter a tsme,

i Corge mcvelC to nsbble on a gragker, whsgh helpv vettle mc vtomagh. i roll up mc vleepsny bay. PGgept Cor a Cew blagk markv, stv relatsjelc unvgathed. Hc Fagketv another matter. Etsnksny and vgorghed, at leavt

a Coot oC the bagk becond repasr. i gut oCC the damayed area leajsny me wsth a yarment that gomev Fuvt to the bottom oC mc rsbv. Dut the hoodv sntagt and stv Car better than nothsny. Jevpste the pasn, drowvsnevv beysnv to take ojer. id take to a tree and trc to revt, eGgept id be too eavc to vpot. Devsdev, abandonsny mc pool veemv smpovvsble. i neatlc arranye mc vupplsev, ejen vettle mc pagk on mc vhoulderv, but i gant veem to leaje. i vpot vome water plantv wsth edsble rootv and make a vmall meal wsth mc lavt psege oC rabbst. Esp water. fatgh the vun make stv vlow arg agrovv the vkc. fhere would i yo ancwac that sv anc vaCer than here? i lean bagk on mc pagk, ojergome bc drowvsnevv. iC the Bareerv want me, let them Csnd me, i thsnk beCore drsCtsny snto a vtupor. Set them Csnd me. And Csnd me, thec do. itv lugkc im readc to moje on begauve when i hear the Ceet, i haje levv than a msnute head vtart. Pjensny hav beyun to Call. xhe moment i awake, im up and runnsny, vplavhsny agrovv the pool,

Clcsny snto the underbruvh. Hc ley vlowv me down, but i venve mc purvuerv are not av vpeedc av thec were beCore the Csre, esther. i hear thesr gouyhv, thesr ravpc josgev gallsny to one another. Etsll, thec are glovsny sn, Fuvt lske a pagk oC wsld doyv, and vo i do what i haje done mc whole lsCe sn vugh gsrgumvtangev. i psgk a hsyh tree and beysn to glsmb. iC runnsny hurt, glsmbsny sv ayonsMsny begauve st reNusrev not onlc eGertson but dsregt gontagt oC mc handv on the tree bark. im Cavt, thouyh, and bc the tsme thecje reaghed the bave oC mc trunk, im twentc Ceet up. Ror a moment, we vtop and vurjec one another. i hope thec gant hear the poundsny oC mc heart. xhsv gould be st, i thsnk. fhat ghange do i haje ayasnvt them? All vsG are there, the Csje Bareerv and zeeta, and mc onlc gonvolatson sv thecre prettc beat-up, too. Pjen vo, look at thesr weaponv. Sook at thesr Cagev, yrsnnsny and vnarlsny at me, a vure ksll aboje them. it veemv prettc hopelevv. Dut then vomethsny elve reysvterv. xhecre bsyyer and vtronyer than i am, no doubt, but thecre alvo heajser. xherev a reavon stv me and not Iale who jenturev up to plugk the hsyhevt Crust, or rob the movt remote bsrd nevtv. i muvt wesyh at leavt CsCtc or vsGtc poundv levv than the vmallevt Bareer. Kow i vmsle. qowv ejercthsny wsth cou? i gall down gheerCullc. xhsv takev them abagk, but i know

the growd wsll loje st. fell enouyh, vacv the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 2. OourvelC? itv been a bst warm Cor mc tavte, i vac. i gan almovt hear the lauyhter Crom the Bapstol. xhe asrv better up here. fhc dont cou gome on up? xhsnk i wsll, vacv the vame boc. qere, take thsv, Bato, vacv the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 1, and vhe oCCerv hsm the vsljer bow and vheath oC arrowv. Hc bow! Hc arrowv! Uuvt the vsyht oC them makev me vo anyrc i want to vgream, at mcvelC, at that trastor zeeta Cor dsvtragtsny me Crom hajsny them. i trc to make ece gontagt wsth hsm now, but he veemv to be sntentsonallc ajosdsny mc yaMe av he polsvhev hsv knsCe wsth the edye

oC hsv vhsrt. Ko, vacv Bato, puvhsny awac the bow. ill do better wsth mc vword. i gan vee the weapon, a vhort, heajc blade at hsv belt. i ysje Bato tsme to hosvt hsmvelC snto the tree beCore i beysn to glsmb ayasn. Iale alwacv vacv i remsnd hsm oC a vNusrrel the wac i gan vgurrc up ejen the vlenderevt lsmb. zart oC stv mc wesyht, but part oC stv pragtsge. Oou haje to know where to plage cour handv and Ceet. im another thsrtc Ceet sn the asr when i hear the gragk and look down to vee Bato Claslsny av he and a brangh yo down. qe hstv the yround hard and im hopsny he povvsblc broke hsv negk

when he yetv bagk to hsv Ceet, vwearsny lske a Csend. xhe ysrl wsth the arrowv, Ilsmmer i hear vomeone gall her uyh, the namev the people sn Jsvtrsgt 1 ysje thesr ghsldren are vo rsdsgulouv ancwac Ilsmmer vgalev the tree untsl the branghev beysn to gragk under her Ceet and then hav the yood venve to vtop. im at leavt esyhtc Ceet hsyh now. Ehe trsev to vhoot me and stv smmedsatelc ejsdent that vhev sngompetent wsth a bow. Lne oC the arrowv yetv lodyed sn the tree near me thouyh and im able to vesMe st. i waje st teavsnylc aboje her head, av sC thsv wav the vole purpove oC retrsejsny st, when agtuallc i mean to uve st sC i ejer yet the ghange. i gould ksll them, ejercone oC them, sC thove vsljer weaponv were sn mc handv. xhe Bareerv reyroup on the yround and i gan hear them yrowlsny gonvpsratorsallc amony themveljev, Cursouv i haje made them look Coolsvh. Dut twslsyht hav arrsjed and thesr wsndow oC attagk on me sv glovsny. Rsnallc, i hear zeeta vac harvhlc, Lh, let her vtac up there. itv not lske vhev yosny ancwhere. fell deal wsth her sn the mornsny. fell, hev rsyht about one thsny. im yosny nowhere. All the relseC Crom the pool water hav yone, leajsny me to Ceel the Cull potengc oC mc burnv. i vgoot down to a Cork sn the tree and glumvslc prepare Cor bed. zut on mc Fagket. Sac out mc vleepsny bed. Delt mcvelC sn and trc to keep Crom

moansny. xhe heat oC the bayv too mugh Cor mc ley. i gut a vlavh sn the Cabrsg and hany mc galC out sn the open asr. i drsMMle water on the wound, mc handv. All mc brajado sv yone. im weak Crom pasn and hunyer but gant brsny mcvelC to eat. Pjen sC i gan lavt the nsyht, what wsll the mornsny brsny? i vtare snto the Colsaye trcsny to wsll mcvelC to revt, but the burnv Corbsd st. Dsrdv are vettlsny down Cor the nsyht, vsnysny lullabsev to thesr couny. Ksyht greaturev emerye. An owl hootv. xhe Casnt vgent oC a vkunk gutv throuyh the vmoke. xhe ecev oC vome ansmal peer at me Crom the nesyhborsny tree a povvum macbe gatghsny the Csrelsyht Crom the Bareerv torghev. Euddenlc, im up on one elbow. xhove are no povvumv ecev, i know thesr ylavvc reClegtson too well. in Cagt, thove are not ansmal ecev at all. in the lavt dsm racv oC lsyht, i make her out, watghsny me vslentlc Crom between the branghev. Que. qow lony hav vhe been here? xhe whole tsme probablc. Etsll and unobverjed av the agtson unColded beneath her. zerhapv vhe headed up her tree

vhortlc beCore i dsd, hearsny the pagk wav vo glove. Ror a whsle we hold eagh otherv yaMe. xhen, wsthout ejen ruvtlsny a leaC, her lsttle hand vlsdev snto the open and

posntv to vomethsny aboje mc head.

14.

Hc ecev Collow the lsne oC her Csnyer up snto the Colsaye aboje me. At Csrvt, i haje no sdea what vhev posntsny to, but then, about CsCteen Ceet up, i make out the jayue vhape sn the dsmmsny lsyht. Dut oC . . . LC what? Eome vort oC ansmal? it lookv about the vsMe oC a raggoon, but st hanyv Crom the bottom oC a brangh, vwacsny ejer vo vlsyhtlc. xherev vomethsny elve. Amony the Camslsar ejensny voundv oC the woodv, mc earv reysvter a low hum. xhen i know. itv a wavp nevt. Rear vhootv throuyh me, but i haje enouyh venve to keep vtsll. ACter all, i dont know what ksnd oC wavp lsjev there. it gould be the ordsnarc leaje-uv-alone-and-well-leaje-cou-alone tcpe. Dut theve are the qunyer Iamev, and ordsnarc svnt the norm. Hore lskelc thec wsll be one oC the Bapstolv muttatsonv, tragker Fagkerv. Sske the FabberFacv, theve ksller wavpv were vpawned sn a lab and vtrateysgallc plaged, lske land msnev, around the dsvtrsgtv dursny the war. Saryer than reyular wavpv, thec haje a dsvtsngtsje volsd yold bodc and a

vtsny that rasvev a lump the vsMe oC a plum on gontagt. Hovt people gant tolerate more than a Cew vtsnyv. Eome dse at onge. iC cou lsje, the hallugsnatsonv brouyht on bc the jenom haje agtuallc drsjen people to madnevv. And therev another thsny, theve wavpv wsll hunt down ancone who dsvturbv thesr nevt and attempt to ksll them. xhatv where the tragker part oC the name gomev Crom. ACter the war, the Bapstol devtroced all the nevtv vurroundsny thesr gstc, but the onev near the dsvtrsgtv were leCt untoughed. Another remsnder oC our weaknevv, i vuppove, Fuvt lske the qunyer Iamev. Another reavon to keep snvsde the Cenge oC Jsvtrsgt 12. fhen Iale and i gome agrovv a tragker Fagker nevt, we smmedsatelc head sn the oppovste dsregtson. Eo sv that what hanyv aboje me? i look bagk to Que Cor help, but vhev melted snto her tree. Isjen mc gsrgumvtangev, i yuevv st doevnt matter what tcpe oC wavp nevt st sv. im wounded and trapped. Jarknevv hav ysjen me a brseC reprseje, but bc the tsme the vun rsvev, the Bareerv wsll haje Cormulated a plan to ksll me. xherev no wac thec gould do otherwsve aCter ije made them look vo vtupsd. xhat nevt mac be the vole optson i haje leCt. iC i gan drop st down on them, i mac be able to evgape. Dut ill rsvk mc lsCe sn the progevv. LC gourve, ill nejer be able to yet sn glove enouyh to the agtual nevt to

gut st Cree. ill haje to vaw oCC the brangh at the trunk and vend the whole thsny down. xhe verrated portson oC mc knsCe vhould be able to manaye that. Dut gan mc handv? And wsll the jsbratson Crom the vawsny rasve the vwarm? And what sC the Bareerv Csyure out what im dosny and moje thesr gamp? xhat would deCeat the whole purpove. i realsMe that the bevt ghange ill haje to do the vawsny wsthout drawsny notsge wsll be dursny the

anthem. xhat gould beysn anc tsme. i dray mcvelC out oC mc bay, make vure mc knsCe sv vegured sn mc belt, and beysn to make mc wac up the tree. xhsv sn stvelC sv danyerouv vsnge the branghev are begomsny pregarsouvlc thsn ejen Cor me, but i pervejere. fhen i reagh the lsmb that vupportv the nevt, the hummsny begomev more dsvtsngtsje. Dut stv vtsll oddlc vubdued sC theve are tragker Fagkerv. itv the vmoke, i thsnk. itv vedated them. xhsv wav the one deCenve the rebelv Cound to battle the wavpv. xhe veal oC the Bapstol vhsnev aboje me and the anthem blarev out. itv now or nejer, i thsnk, and beysn to vaw. Dlsvterv burvt on mc rsyht hand av i awkwardlc dray the knsCe bagk and Corth. Lnge ije yot a yrooje, the work reNusrev levv eCCort but sv almovt

more than i gan handle. i yrst mc teeth and vaw awac oggavsonallc ylangsny at the vkc to reysvter that there were no deathv todac. xhatv all rsyht. xhe audsenge wsll be vated veesny me snFured and treed and the pagk below me. Dut the anthemv runnsny out and im onlc three Nuarterv oC the wac throuyh the wood when the muvsg endv, the vkc yoev dark, and im Corged to vtop. Kow what? i gould probablc Csnsvh oCC the Fob bc venve oC Ceel but that mac not be the vmartevt plan. iC the wavpv are too yroyyc, sC the nevt gatghev on stv wac down, sC i trc to evgape, thsv gould all be a deadlc wavte oC tsme. Detter, i thsnk, to vneak up here at dawn and vend the nevt snto mc enemsev. in the Casnt lsyht oC the Bareerv torghev, i sngh bagk down to mc Cork to Csnd the bevt vurprsve ije ejer had. Esttsny on mc vleepsny bay sv a vmall plavtsg pot attaghed to a vsljer paraghute. Hc Csrvt ysCt Crom a vponvor! qacmstgh muvt haje had st vent sn dursny the anthem. xhe pot eavslc Cstv sn the palm oC mc hand. fhat gan st be? Kot Cood vurelc. i unvgrew the lsd and i know bc the vgent that stv medsgsne. Bautsouvlc, i probe the vurCage oC the osntment. xhe throbbsny sn mc Csnyertsp jansvhev. Lh, qacmstgh, i whsvper. xhank cou. qe hav not abandoned me. Kot leCt me to Cend entsrelc Cor mcvelC. xhe govt oC thsv medsgsne muvt be avtronomsgal. zrobablc

not one but manc vponvorv haje gontrsbuted to buc thsv one tsnc pot. xo me, st sv prsgelevv. i dsp two Csnyerv sn the Far and yentlc vpread the balm ojer mc galC. xhe eCCegt sv almovt maysgal, eravsny the pasn on gontagt, leajsny a pleavant goolsny venvatson behsnd. xhsv sv no herbal gongogtson that mc mother yrsndv up out oC woodland plantv, stv hsyh-tegh medsgsne brewed up sn the Bapstolv labv. fhen mc galC sv treated, i rub a thsn lacer snto mc handv. ACter wrappsny the pot sn the paraghute, i nevtle st vaCelc awac sn mc pagk. Kow that the pasn hav eaved, stv all i gan do to repovstson mcvelC sn mc bay beCore i plunye snto vleep. A bsrd perghed Fuvt a Cew Ceet Crom me alertv me that a new dac sv dawnsny. in the yrac mornsny lsyht, i eGamsne mc handv. xhe medsgsne hav tranvCormed all the anyrc red patghev to a voCt babc-vksn psnk. Hc ley vtsll Ceelv snClamed, but that burn wav Car deeper.

i applc another goat oC medsgsne and Nusetlc pagk up mc year. fhatejer happenv, im yosny to haje to moje and moje Cavt. i alvo make mcvelC eat a gragker and a vtrsp oC beeC and drsnk a Cew gupv oC water. Almovt nothsny vtaced sn mc vtomagh cevterdac, and im alreadc vtartsny to Ceel the eCCegtv oC hunyer. Delow me, i

gan vee the Bareer pagk and zeeta avleep on the yround. Dc her povstson, leansny up ayasnvt the trunk oC the tree, id yuevv Ilsmmer wav vuppoved to be on yuard, but Catsyue ojergame her. Hc ecev vNusnt av thec trc to penetrate the tree neGt to me, but i gant make out Que. Esnge vhe tspped me oCC, st onlc veemv Casr to warn her. Devsdev, sC im yosny to dse todac, stv Que i want to wsn. Pjen sC st meanv a lsttle eGtra Cood Cor mc Camslc, the sdea oC zeeta besny growned jsgtor sv unbearable. i gall Quev name sn a huvhed whsvper and the ecev appear, wsde and alert, at onge. Ehe posntv up to the nevt ayasn. i hold up mc knsCe and make a vawsny motson. Ehe nodv and dsvappearv. xherev a ruvtlsny sn a nearbc tree. xhen the vame nosve ayasn a bst Carther oCC. i realsMe vhev leapsny Crom tree to tree. itv all i gan do not to lauyh out loud. iv thsv what vhe vhowed the Iamemakerv? i smaysne her Clcsny around the trasnsny eNuspment nejer toughsny the Cloor. Ehe vhould haje yotten at leavt a ten. Qovc vtreakv are breaksny throuyh sn the eavt. i gant aCCord to wast anc lonyer. Bompared to the ayonc oC lavt nsyhtv glsmb, thsv one sv a gsngh. At the tree lsmb that holdv the nevt, i povstson the knsCe sn the yrooje and im about to draw the teeth agrovv the wood when i vee vomethsny mojsny. xhere, on the nevt. xhe brsyht yold

yleam oC a tragker Fagker laMslc maksny stv wac agrovv the paperc yrac vurCage. Ko Nuevtson, stv agtsny a lsttle vubdued, but the wavp sv up and mojsny and that meanv the otherv wsll be out voon av well. Eweat breakv out on the palmv oC mc handv, beadsny up throuyh the osntment, and i do mc bevt to pat them drc on mc vhsrt. iC i dont yet throuyh thsv brangh sn a matter oC vegondv, the entsre vwarm gould emerye and attagk me. xherev no venve sn puttsny st oCC. i take a deep breath, yrsp the knsCe handle and bear down av hard av i gan. Dagk, Corth, bagk, Corth! xhe tragker Fagkerv beysn to buMM and i hear them gomsny out. Dagk, Corth, bagk, Corth! A vtabbsny pasn vhootv throuyh mc knee and i know one hav Cound me and the otherv wsll be honsny sn. Dagk, Corth, bagk, Corth. And Fuvt av the knsCe gutv throuyh, i vhoje the end oC the brangh av Car awac Crom me av i gan. it gravhev down throuyh the lower branghev, vnayysny temporarslc on a Cew but then twsvtsny Cree untsl st vmavhev wsth a thud on the yround. xhe nevt burvtv open lske an eyy, and a Cursouv vwarm oC tragker Fagkerv takev to the asr. i Ceel a vegond vtsny on the gheek, a thsrd on mc negk, and thesr jenom almovt smmedsatelc makev me wooMc. i glsny to the tree wsth one arm whsle i rsp the barbed vtsnyerv out oC mc Clevh. Rortunatelc, onlc theve three tragker Fagkerv had

sdentsCsed me beCore the nevt went down. xhe revt oC the snvegtv haje taryeted thesr enemsev on the yround. itv machem. xhe Bareerv haje woken to a Cull-vgale tragker Fagker attagk. zeeta and a Cew otherv haje the venve to drop ejercthsny and bolt. i gan hear grsev oC xo the lake! xo the lake! and know thec hope to ejade the wavpv bc taksny to the water. it muvt be glove sC thec thsnk thec gan outdsvtange the Cursouv snvegtv. Ilsmmer and another ysrl, the one Crom Jsvtrsgt 4, are not vo lugkc. xhec regesje multsple vtsnyv beCore thecre ejen out oC mc jsew. Ilsmmer appearv to yo gompletelc mad, vhrseksny and trcsny to bat the wavpv oCC wsth her bow, whsgh sv posntlevv. Ehe gallv to the otherv Cor help but, oC gourve, no one returnv. xhe ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 4 vtayyerv out oC vsyht, althouyh i wouldnt bet on her maksny st to the lake. i watgh Ilsmmer Call, twstgh hcvtersgallc around on the yround Cor a Cew msnutev, and then yo vtsll. xhe nevt sv nothsny but an emptc vhell. xhe wavpv haje jansvhed sn purvust oC the otherv. i dont thsnk thecll return, but i dont want to rsvk st. i vgamper down the tree and hst the yround runnsny sn the oppovste dsregtson oC the lake. xhe posvon Crom the vtsnyerv makev me wobblc, but i Csnd mc wac bagk to mc own lsttle pool and vubmerye mcvelC sn the water, Fuvt sn gave anc wavpv are vtsll on mc trasl.

ACter about Csje msnutev, i dray mcvelC onto the rogkv. zeople haje not eGayyerated the eCCegtv oC the tragker Fagker vtsnyv. Agtuallc, the one on mc knee sv glover to an oranye than a plum sn vsMe. A Coul-vmellsny yreen lsNusd ooMev Crom the plagev where i pulled out the vtsnyerv. xhe vwellsny. xhe pasn. xhe ooMe. fatghsny Ilsmmer twstghsny to death on the yround. itv a lot to handle beCore the vun hav ejen gleared the horsMon. i dont want to thsnk about what Ilsmmer muvt look lske now. qer bodc dsvCsyured. qer vwollen Csnyerv vtsCCensny around the bow . . . xhe bow! Eomewhere sn mc beCuddled msnd one thouyht gonnegtv to another and im on mc Ceet, teetersny throuyh the treev bagk to Ilsmmer. xhe bow. xhe arrowv. i muvt yet them. i hajent heard the gannonv Csre cet, vo perhapv Ilsmmer sv sn vome vort oC goma, her heart vtsll vtruyylsny ayasnvt the wavp jenom. Dut onge st vtopv and the gannon vsynalv her death, a hojergraCt wsll moje sn and retrseje her bodc, taksny the onlc bow and vheath oC arrowv ije veen out oC the Iamev Cor yood. And i reCuve to let them vlsp throuyh mc Csnyerv ayasn! i reagh Ilsmmer Fuvt av the gannon Csrev. xhe tragker Fagkerv haje jansvhed. xhsv ysrl, vo breathtaksnylc beautsCul sn her yolden drevv the nsyht oC the snterjsewv, sv unregoynsMable. qer Ceaturev eradsgated, her

lsmbv three tsmev thesr normal vsMe. xhe vtsnyer lumpv haje beyun to eGplode, vpewsny putrsd yreen lsNusd around her. i haje to break vejeral oC what uved to be her Csnyerv wsth a vtone to Cree the bow. xhe vheath oC arrowv sv psnned under her bagk. i trc to roll ojer her bodc bc pullsny on one arm, but the Clevh dsvsnteyratev

sn mc handv and i Call bagk on the yround. iv thsv real? Lr haje the hallugsnatsonv beyun? i vNueeMe mc ecev tsyht and trc to breathe throuyh mc mouth, ordersny mcvelC not to begome vsgk. DreakCavt muvt vtac down, st msyht be dacv beCore i gan hunt ayasn. A vegond gannon Csrev and im yuevvsny the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 4 hav Fuvt dsed. i hear the bsrdv Call vslent and then one ysje the warnsny gall, whsgh meanv a hojergraCt sv about to appear. BonCuved, i thsnk stv Cor Ilsmmer, althouyh thsv doevnt Nuste make venve begauve im vtsll sn the psgture, vtsll Csyhtsny Cor the arrowv. i lurgh bagk onto mc kneev and the treev around me beysn to vpsn sn gsrglev. in the msddle oC the vkc, i vpot the hojergraCt. i throw mcvelC ojer Ilsmmerv bodc av sC to protegt st but then i vee the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 4 besny lsCted snto the asr and jansvhsny. Jo thsv! i gommand mcvelC. Blenghsny mc Faw, i dsy mc handv under

Ilsmmerv bodc, yet a hold on what muvt be her rsb gaye, and Corge her onto her vtomagh. i gant help st, im hcperjentslatsny now, the whole thsny sv vo nsyhtmarsvh and im lovsny mc yravp on whatv real. i tuy on the vsljer vheath oC arrowv, but stv gauyht on vomethsny, her vhoulder blade, vomethsny, and Csnallc cank st Cree. ije Fuvt engsrgled the vheath wsth mc armv when i hear the Cootvtepv, vejeral pasrv, gomsny throuyh the underbruvh, and i realsMe the Bareerv haje gome bagk. xhecje gome bagk to ksll me or yet thesr weaponv or both. Dut stv too late to run. i pull a vlsmc arrow Crom the vheath and trc to povstson st on the bowvtrsny but snvtead oC one vtrsny i vee three and the vtengh Crom the vtsnyv sv vo repulvsje i gant do st. i gant do st. i gant do st. im helplevv av the Csrvt hunter gravhev throuyh the treev, vpear lsCted, posved to throw. xhe vhogk on zeetav Cage makev no venve to me. i wast Cor the blow. invtead hsv arm dropv to hsv vsde. fhat are cou vtsll dosny here? he hsvvev at me. i vtare ungomprehendsnylc av a trsgkle oC water drspv oCC a vtsny under hsv ear. qsv whole bodc vtartv vparklsny av sC hev been dspped sn dew. Are cou mad? qev proddsny me wsth the vhaCt oC the vpear now. Iet up! Iet up! i rsve, but hev vtsll puvhsny at me. fhat? fhat sv yosny on? qe vhojev me awac Crom hsm hard. Qun! he vgreamv. Qun!

Dehsnd hsm, Bato vlavhev hsv wac throuyh the bruvh. qev vparklsny wet, too, and badlc vtuny under one ece. i gatgh the yleam oC vunlsyht on hsv vword and do av zeeta vacv. qoldsny tsyhtlc to mc bow and arrowv, banysny snto treev that appear out oC nowhere, trsppsny and Callsny av i trc to keep mc balange. Dagk pavt mc pool and snto unCamslsar woodv. xhe world beysnv to bend sn alarmsny wacv. A butterClc balloonv to the vsMe oC a houve then vhatterv snto a msllson vtarv. xreev tranvCorm to blood and vplavh down ojer mc bootv. Antv beysn to grawl out oC the blsvterv on mc handv and i gant vhake them Cree. xhecre glsmbsny up mc armv, mc negk. Eomeonev vgreamsny, a lony hsyh pstghed vgream that nejer breakv Cor breath. i haje a jayue sdea

st msyht be me. i trsp and Call snto a vmall pst lsned wsth tsnc oranye bubblev that hum lske the tragker Fagker nevt. xugksny mc kneev up to mc ghsn, i wast Cor death. Esgk and dsvorsented, im able to Corm onlc one thouyht: zeeta Hellark Fuvt vajed mc lsCe. xhen the antv bore snto mc ecev and i blagk out.

15. i enter a nsyhtmare Crom whsgh i wake repeatedlc onlc to Csnd a yreater terror awastsny me. All the thsnyv i dread movt, all the thsnyv i dread Cor otherv mansCevt sn vugh jsjsd detasl i gant help but belseje thecre real. Pagh tsme i wake, i thsnk, At lavt, thsv sv ojer, but st svnt. itv onlc the beysnnsny oC a new ghapter oC torture. qow manc wacv do i watgh zrsm dse? Qelsje mc Catherv lavt momentv? Reel mc own bodc rspped apart? xhsv sv the nature oC the tragker Fagker jenom, vo gareCullc greated to taryet the plage where Cear lsjev sn cour brasn. fhen i Csnallc do gome to mc venvev, i lse vtsll, wastsny Cor the neGt onvlauyht oC smayerc. Dut ejentuallc i aggept that the posvon muvt haje Csnallc worked stv wac out oC mc vcvtem, leajsny mc bodc wragked and Ceeble. im vtsll lcsny on mc vsde, logked sn the Cetal povstson. i lsCt a hand to mc ecev to Csnd them vound, untoughed bc antv that nejer eGsvted. Esmplc vtretghsny out mc lsmbv reNusrev an enormouv eCCort. Eo manc partv oC me hurt, st doevnt veem worthwhsle taksny snjentorc oC them. Werc, jerc vlowlc i manaye to vst up. im sn a vhallow hole, not Cslled wsth the hummsny oranye bubblev oC mc hallugsnatson but wsth old, dead leajev. Hc glothsnyv damp, but i dont know whether pond water, dew, rasn, or vweat sv the gauve. Ror a lony tsme, all i gan do sv take tsnc vspv Crom mc bottle

and watgh a beetle grawl up the vsde oC a honecvugkle buvh. qow lony haje i been out? it wav mornsny when i lovt reavon. Kow stv aCternoon. Dut the vtsCCnevv sn mc Fosntv vuyyevtv more than a dac hav pavved, ejen two povvsblc. iC vo, ill haje no wac oC knowsny whsgh trsbutev vurjsjed that tragker Fagker attagk. Kot Ilsmmer or the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 4. Dut there wav the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1, both trsbutev Crom Jsvtrsgt 2, and zeeta. Jsd thec dse Crom the vtsnyv? Bertasnlc sC thec lsjed, thesr lavt dacv muvt haje been av horrsd av mc own. And what about Que? Ehev vo vmall, st wouldnt take mugh jenom to do her sn. Dut then ayasn . . . xhe tragker Fagkerv wouldje had to gatgh her, and vhe had a yood head vtart. A Coul, rotten tavte perjadev mc mouth, and the water hav lsttle eCCegt on st. i dray mcvelC ojer to the honecvugkle buvh and plugk a Clower. i yentlc pull the vtamen throuyh the blovvom and vet the drop oC negtar on mc tonyue. xhe vweetnevv vpreadv throuyh mc mouth, down mc throat, warmsny mc jesnv wsth memorsev oC vummer, and mc home woodv and Ialev prevenge bevsde me. Ror vome reavon, our dsvguvvson Crom that lavt mornsny gomev bagk to me. fe gould do st, cou know. fhat? Seaje the dsvtrsgt. Qun oCC. Ssje sn the woodv. Oou and i, we gould make st. And vuddenlc, im not thsnksny oC

Iale but oC zeeta and . . .

zeeta! qe vajed mc lsCe! i thsnk. Degauve bc the tsme we met up, i gouldnt tell what wav real and what the tragker Fagker jenom had gauved me to smaysne. Dut sC he dsd, and mc snvtsngtv tell me he dsd, what Cor? iv he vsmplc worksny the Sojer Doc anyle he snstsated at the snterjsew? Lr wav he agtuallc trcsny to protegt me? And sC he wav, what wav he dosny wsth thove Bareerv sn the Csrvt plage? Kone oC st makev venve. i wonder what Iale made oC the sngsdent Cor a moment and then i puvh the whole thsny out oC mc msnd begauve Cor vome reavon Iale and zeeta do not goeGsvt well toyether sn mc thouyhtv. Eo i Coguv on the one reallc yood thsny thatv happened vsnge i landed sn the arena. i haje a bow and arrowv! A Cull doMen arrowv sC cou gount the one i retrsejed sn the tree. xhec bear no trage oC the noGsouv yreen vlsme that game Crom Ilsmmerv bodc whsgh leadv me to belseje that msyht not haje been whollc real but thec haje a Casr amount oC drsed blood on them. i gan glean them later, but i do take a msnute to vhoot a Cew snto a nearbc tree. xhec are more lske the weaponv sn the xrasnsny Benter than mc onev at home, but who garev? xhat i gan work wsth. xhe

weaponv ysje me an entsrelc new pervpegtsje on the Iamev. i know i haje touyh opponentv leCt to Cage. Dut i am no lonyer merelc prec that runv and hsdev or takev devperate meavurev. iC Bato broke throuyh the treev rsyht now, i wouldnt Clee, id vhoot. i Csnd im agtuallc antsgspatsny the moment wsth pleavure. Dut Csrvt, i haje to yet vome vtrenyth bagk sn mc bodc. im jerc dehcdrated ayasn and mc water vupplc sv danyerouvlc low. xhe lsttle paddsny i wav able to put on bc yorysny mcvelC dursny prep tsme sn the Bapstol sv yone, pluv vejeral more poundv av well. Hc hsp bonev and rsbv are more promsnent than i remember them besny vsnge thove awCul monthv aCter mc Catherv death. And then there are mc woundv to gontend wsth burnv, gutv, and brusvev Crom vmavhsny snto the treev, and three tragker Fagker vtsnyv, whsgh are av vore and vwollen av ejer. i treat mc burnv wsth the osntment and trc dabbsny a bst on mc vtsnyv av well, but st hav no eCCegt on them. Hc mother knew a treatment Cor them, vome tcpe oC leaC that gould draw out the posvon, but vhe veldom had gauve to uve st, and i dont ejen remember stv name let alone stv appearange. fater Csrvt, i thsnk. Oou gan hunt alony the wac now. itv eavc to vee the dsregtson i game Crom bc the path oC devtrugtson mc graMed bodc made throuyh the Colsaye. Eo i walk oCC sn the other

dsregtson, hopsny mc enemsev vtsll lse logked sn the vurreal world oC tragker Fagker jenom. i gant moje too Nusgklc, mc Fosntv reFegt anc abrupt motsonv. Dut i evtablsvh the vlow hunterv tread i uve when tragksny yame. fsthsn a Cew msnutev, i vpot a rabbst and make mc Csrvt ksll wsth the bow and arrow. itv not mc uvual glean vhot throuyh the ece, but ill take st. ACter about an hour, i Csnd a vtream, vhallow but wsde, and more than vuCCsgsent Cor mc needv. xhe vunv hot and vejere, vo whsle i

wast Cor mc water to pursCc i vtrsp down to mc underglothev and wade snto the msld gurrent. im Cslthc Crom head to toe, i trc vplavhsny mcvelC but ejentuallc Fuvt lac down sn the water Cor a Cew msnutev, lettsny st wavh oCC the voot and blood and vksn that hav vtarted to peel oCC mc burnv. ACter rsnvsny out mc glothev and hanysny them on buvhev to drc, i vst on the bank sn the vun Cor a bst, untanylsny mc hasr wsth mc Csnyerv. Hc appetste returnv and i eat a gragker and a vtrsp oC beeC. fsth a handCul oC movv, i polsvh the blood Crom mc vsljer weaponv. QeCrevhed, i treat mc burnv ayasn, brasd bagk mc hasr, and drevv sn the damp glothev, knowsny the vun wsll drc them voon enouyh. Rollowsny the vtream ayasnvt stv gurrent veemv the vmartevt gourve oC

agtson. im trajelsny uphsll now, whsgh i preCer, wsth a vourge oC Crevh water not onlc Cor mcvelC but povvsble yame. i eavslc take out a vtranye bsrd that muvt be vome Corm oC wsld turkec. Ancwac, st lookv plentc edsble to me. Dc late aCternoon, i degsde to busld a vmall Csre to gook the meat, bettsny that duvk wsll help gongeal the vmoke and i gan Nuengh the Csre bc nsyhtCall. i glean the yame, taksny eGtra gare wsth the bsrd, but therev nothsny alarmsny about st. Lnge the Ceatherv are plugked, stv no bsyyer than a ghsgken, but stv plump and Csrm. ije Fuvt plaged the Csrvt lot ojer the goalv when i hear the twsy vnap. in one motson, i turn to the vound, brsnysny the bow and arrow to mc vhoulder. xherev no one there. Ko one i gan vee ancwac. xhen i vpot the tsp oC a ghsldv boot Fuvt peeksny out Crom behsnd the trunk oC a tree. Hc vhoulderv relaG and i yrsn. Ehe gan moje throuyh the woodv lske a vhadow, cou haje to ysje her that. qow elve gould vhe haje Collowed me? xhe wordv gome out oC mc mouth beCore i gan vtop them. Oou know, thecre not the onlc onev who gan Corm allsangev, i vac. Ror a moment, no revponve. xhen one oC Quev ecev edyev around the trunk. Oou want me Cor an allc? fhc not? Oou vajed me wsth thove tragker Fagkerv. Ooure vmart enouyh to vtsll be alsje. And i gant veem to vhake cou ancwac, i vac. Ehe blsnkv at me,

trcsny to degsde. Oou hunyrc? i gan vee her vwallow hard, her ece Clsgkersny to the meat. Bome on then, ije had two ksllv todac. Que tentatsjelc vtepv out snto the open. i gan CsG cour vtsnyv. Ban cou? i avk. qow? Ehe dsyv sn the pagk vhe garrsev and pullv out a handCul oC leajev. im almovt gertasn thecre the onev mc mother uvev. fhered cou Csnd thove? Uuvt around. fe all garrc them when we work sn the orghardv. xhec leCt a lot oC nevtv there, vacv Que. xhere are a lot here, too. xhatv rsyht. Ooure Jsvtrsgt Plejen. Ayrsgulture, i vac. Lrghardv, huh? xhat muvt be how cou gan Clc around the treev lske couje yot wsnyv. Que vmslev. ije landed on one oC the Cew thsnyv vhell admst prsde sn. fell, gome on, then. RsG me up. i plunk down bc the Csre and roll up mc pant ley to rejeal the vtsny on mc knee. xo mc vurprsve, Que plagev the handCul oC leajev snto her mouth and beysnv to ghew

them. Hc mother would uve other methodv, but stv not lske we haje a lot oC optsonv. ACter a msnute or vo, Que prevvev a yloppc yreen wad oC ghewed leajev and vpst on mc knee. Lhhh. xhe vound gomev out oC mc mouth beCore i gan vtop st. itv av sC the leajev are agtuallc leaghsny the pasn rsyht out oC the vtsny. Que ysjev a ysyyle.

Sugkc cou had the venve to pull the vtsnyerv out or coud be a lot worve. Jo mc negk! Jo mc gheek! i almovt bey. Que vtuCCv another handCul oC leajev sn her mouth, and voon im lauyhsny begauve the relseC sv vo vweet. i notsge a lony burn on Quev Corearm. ije yot vomethsny Cor that. i vet avsde mc weaponv and anosnt her arm wsth the burn medsgsne. Oou haje yood vponvorv, vhe vacv lonysnylc. qaje cou yotten ancthsny cet? i avk. Ehe vhakev her head. Oou wsll, thouyh. fatgh. xhe glover we yet to the end, the more people wsll realsMe how glejer cou are. i turn the meat ojer. Oou werent Foksny, about wantsny me Cor an allc? vhe avkv. Ko, i meant st, i vac. i gan almovt hear qacmstgh yroansny av i team up wsth thsv wsvpc ghsld. Dut i want her. Degauve vhev a vurjsjor, and i truvt her, and whc not admst st? Ehe remsndv me oC zrsm. Lkac, vhe vacv, and holdv out her hand. fe vhake. itv a deal. LC gourve, thsv ksnd oC deal gan onlc be temporarc, but nesther oC uv mentsonv that. Que gontrsbutev a bsy handCul oC vome vort oC vtarghc root to the meal. Qoavted ojer the Csre, thec haje the vharp vweet tavte oC a parvnsp. Ehe regoynsMev the bsrd, too, vome wsld thsny thec gall a yroovlsny sn her dsvtrsgt. Ehe vacv vometsmev a Clogk wsll wander snto the orghard and thec yet a degent lungh that dac. Ror a whsle, all gonjervatson vtopv av

we Csll our vtomaghv. xhe yroovlsny hav delsgsouv meal thatv vo Cattc, the yreave drspv down cour Cage when cou bste snto st. Lh, vacv Que wsth a vsyh. ije nejer had a whole ley to mcvelC beCore. ill bet vhe havnt. ill bet meat hardlc ejer gomev her wac. xake the other, i vac. Qeallc? vhe avkv. xake whatejer cou want. Kow that ije yot a bow and arrowv, i gan yet more. zluv ije yot vnarev. i gan vhow cou how to vet them, i vac. Que vtsll lookv ungertasnlc at the ley. Lh, take st, i vac, puttsny the drumvtsgk sn her handv. it wsll onlc keep a Cew dacv ancwac, and weje yot the whole bsrd pluv the rabbst. Lnge vhev yot hold oC st, her appetste wsnv out and vhe takev a huye mouthCul. id haje thouyht, sn Jsvtrsgt Plejen, coud haje a bst more to eat than uv. Oou know, vsnge cou yrow the Cood, i vac. Quev ecev wsden. Lh, no, were not allowed to eat the gropv. xhec arrevt cou or vomethsny? i avk. xhec whsp cou and make ejercone elve watgh, vacv Que. xhe macorv jerc vtrsgt about st. i gan tell bc her eGprevvson that stv not that ungommon an oggurrenge. A publsg whsppsnyv a rare thsny sn Jsvtrsgt 12, althouyh oggavsonallc one oggurv. xeghnsgallc, Iale and i gould be whspped on a daslc bavsv Cor poaghsny sn the woodv well, teghnsgallc, we gould yet a whole lot worve eGgept all the oCCsgsalv buc our meat. Devsdev, our


macor, Hadyev Cather, doevnt veem to haje mugh tavte Cor vugh ejentv. Hacbe besny the leavt prevtsysouv, poorevt, movt rsdsguled dsvtrsgt sn the gountrc hav stv adjantayev. Eugh av, besny laryelc synored bc the Bapstol av lony av we produge our goal Nuotav. Jo cou yet all the goal cou want? Que avkv. Ko, i anvwer. Uuvt what we buc and whatejer we tragk sn on our bootv. xhec Ceed uv a bst eGtra dursny harjevt, vo that people gan keep yosny lonyer, vacv Que. Jont cou haje to be sn vghool? i avk. Kot dursny harjevt. Pjercone workv then, vacv Que. itv snterevtsny, hearsny about her lsCe. fe haje vo lsttle gommunsgatson wsth ancone outvsde our dsvtrsgt. in Cagt, i wonder sC the Iamemakerv are blogksny out our gonjervatson, begauve ejen thouyh the snCormatson veemv harmlevv, thec dont want people sn dsCCerent dsvtrsgtv to know about one another. At Quev vuyyevtson, we lac out all our Cood to plan ahead. Ehev veen movt oC msne, but i add the lavt gouple oC gragkerv and beeC vtrspv to the psle. Ehev yathered Nuste a gollegtson oC rootv, nutv, yreenv, and ejen vome berrsev. i roll an unCamslsar berrc sn mc Csnyerv. Oou vure thsv sv vaCe? Lh, cev, we haje them bagk home. ije been eatsny them Cor dacv, vhe vacv, poppsny a handCul sn her mouth. i tentatsjelc bste snto one, and stv av yood av our blagkberrsev. xaksny Que on av an allc

veemv a better ghosge all the tsme. fe dsjsde up our Cood vupplsev, vo sn gave were veparated, well both be vet Cor a Cew dacv. Apart Crom the Cood, Que hav a vmall water vksn, a homemade vlsnyvhot, and an eGtra pasr oC vogkv. Ehe alvo hav a vharp vhard oC rogk vhe uvev av a knsCe. i know stv not mugh, vhe vacv av sC embarravved, but i had to yet awac Crom the Bornugopsa Cavt. Oou dsd Fuvt rsyht, i vac. fhen i vpread out mc year, vhe yavpv a lsttle when vhe veev the vunylavvev. qow dsd cou yet thove? vhe avkv. in mc pagk. xhecje been uvelevv vo Car. xhec dont blogk the vun and thec make st harder to vee, i vac wsth a vhruy. xheve arent Cor vun, thecre Cor darknevv, eGglasmv Que. Eometsmev, when we harjevt throuyh the nsyht, thecll pavv out a Cew pasrv to thove oC uv hsyhevt sn the treev. fhere the torghlsyht doevnt reagh. Lne tsme, thsv boc Hartsn, he trsed to keep hsv pasr. qsd st sn hsv pantv. xhec kslled hsm on the vpot. xhec kslled a boc Cor taksny theve? i vac. Oev, and ejercone knew he wav no danyer. Hartsn wavnt rsyht sn the head. i mean, he vtsll agted lske a three-cear-old. qe Fuvt wanted the ylavvev to plac wsth, vacv Que. qearsny thsv makev me Ceel lske Jsvtrsgt 12 sv vome vort oC vaCe hajen. LC gourve, people keel ojer Crom vtarjatson all the tsme, but i gant smaysne the zeagekeeperv murdersny a vsmplemsnded ghsld. xherev a lsttle

ysrl, one oC Ireavc Eaev yrandksdv, who wanderv around the qob. Ehev not Nuste rsyht, but vhev treated av a vort oC pet. zeople tovv her vgrapv and thsnyv. Eo what do theve do? i avk Que, taksny the ylavvev. xhec let cou vee sn gomplete darknevv, vacv Que. xrc them tonsyht when the vun yoev

down. i ysje Que vome matghev and vhe makev vure i haje plentc oC leajev sn gave mc vtsnyv Clare up ayasn. fe eGtsnyusvh our Csre and head upvtream untsl stv almovt nsyhtCall. fhere do cou vleep? i avk her. in the treev? Ehe nodv. in Fuvt cour Fagket? Que holdv up her eGtra pasr oC vogkv. i haje theve Cor mc handv. i thsnk oC how gold the nsyhtv haje been. Oou gan vhare mc vleepsny bay sC cou want. fell both eavslc Cst. qer Cage lsyhtv up. i gan tell thsv sv more than vhe dared hope Cor. fe psgk a Cork hsyh sn a tree and vettle sn Cor the nsyht Fuvt av the anthem beysnv to plac. xhere were no deathv todac. Que, i onlc woke up todac. qow manc nsyhtv dsd i msvv? xhe anthem vhould blogk out our wordv, but vtsll i whsvper. i ejen take the pregautson oC gojersny mc lspv wsth mc hand. i dont want the audsenge to know what im plannsny to tell her about zeeta. xaksny a gue Crom me, vhe doev the vame. xwo, vhe vacv. xhe

ysrlv Crom Jsvtrsgtv Lne and Rour are dead. xherev ten oC uv leCt. Eomethsny vtranye happened. At leavt, i thsnk st dsd. it msyht haje been the tragker Fagker jenom maksny me smaysne thsnyv, i vac. Oou know the boc Crom mc dsvtrsgt? zeeta? i thsnk he vajed mc lsCe. Dut he wav wsth the Bareerv. qev not wsth them now, vhe vacv. ije vpsed on thesr bave gamp bc the lake. xhec made st bagk beCore thec gollapved Crom the vtsnyerv. Dut hev not there. Hacbe he dsd vaje cou and had to run. i dont anvwer. iC, sn Cagt, zeeta dsd vaje me, im sn hsv debt ayasn. And thsv gant be pasd bagk. iC he dsd, st wav all probablc Fuvt part oC hsv agt. Oou know, to make people thsnk hev sn loje wsth me. Lh, vacv Que thouyhtCullc. i dsdnt thsnk that wav an agt. Bourve st sv, i vac. qe worked st out wsth our mentor. xhe anthem endv and the vkc yoev dark. Setv trc out theve ylavvev. i pull out the ylavvev and vlsp them on. Que wavnt ksddsny. i gan vee ejercthsny Crom the leajev on the treev to a vkunk vtrollsny throuyh the buvhev a yood CsCtc Ceet awac. i gould ksll st Crom here sC i had a msnd to. i gould ksll ancone. i wonder who elve yot a pasr oC theve, i vac. xhe Bareerv haje two pasrv. Dut thecje yot ejercthsny down bc the lake, Que vacv. And thecre vo vtrony. fere vtrony, too, i vac. Uuvt sn a dsCCerent wac. Oou are. Oou gan vhoot, vhe vacv. fhat gan i do? Oou gan Ceed

courvelC. Ban thec? i avk. xhec dont need to. xhec haje all thove vupplsev, Que vacv. Eac thec dsdnt. Eac the vupplsev were yone. qow lony would thec lavt? i vac. i mean, stv the qunyer Iamev, rsyht? Dut, Tatnsvv, thecre not hunyrc, vacv Que. Ko, thecre not. xhatv the problem, i ayree. And Cor the Csrvt tsme, i haje a plan. A plan that svnt motsjated bc the need Cor Clsyht and ejavson. An oCCenvsje plan. i thsnk were yosny to haje to CsG that, Que.

16.

Que hav degsded to truvt me wholeheartedlc. i know thsv begauve av voon av the anthem Csnsvhev vhe vnuyylev up ayasnvt me and Callv avleep. Kor do i haje anc msvysjsnyv about her, av i take no partsgular pregautsonv. iC vhed wanted me dead, all vhe

would haje had to do wav dsvappear Crom that tree wsthout posntsny out the tragker Fagker nevt. Keedlsny me, at the jerc bagk oC mc msnd, sv the objsouv. Doth oC uv gant wsn theve Iamev. Dut vsnge the oddv are vtsll ayasnvt esther oC uv vurjsjsny, i manaye to synore the thouyht. Devsdev, im dsvtragted bc mc latevt sdea about the Bareerv and thesr vupplsev. Eomehow Que and i muvt Csnd a wac to devtroc thesr Cood. im prettc vure Ceedsny themveljev wsll be a tremendouv vtruyyle. xradstsonallc, the Bareer trsbutev vtrateyc sv to yet hold oC all the Cood earlc on and work Crom there. xhe cearv when thec haje not protegted st well one cear a pagk oC hsdeouv reptslev devtroced st, another a Iamemakerv Clood wavhed st awac thove are uvuallc the cearv that trsbutev Crom other dsvtrsgtv haje won. xhat the Bareerv haje been better red yrowsny up sv agtuallc to thesr dsvadjantaye, begauve thec dont know how to be hunyrc. Kot the wac Que and i do. Dut im too eGhauvted to beysn anc detasled plan tonsyht. Hc woundv regojersny, mc msnd vtsll a bst Coyyc Crom the jenom, and the warmth oC Que at mc vsde, her head gradled on mc vhoulder, haje ysjen me a venve oC vegurstc. i realsMe, Cor the Csrvt tsme, how jerc lonelc ije been sn the arena. qow gomCortsny the prevenge oC another human besny gan be. i ysje sn to mc drowvsnevv, revoljsny that tomorrow the tablev wsll turn. xomorrow, stv the Bareerv who wsll haje to watgh thesr bagkv. xhe boom oC the gannon Foltv me awake.

xhe vkcv vtreaked wsth lsyht, the bsrdv alreadc ghattersny. Que perghev sn a brangh agrovv Crom me, her handv guppsny vomethsny. fe wast, lsvtensny Cor more vhotv, but there arent anc. fho do cou thsnk that wav? i gant help thsnksny oC zeeta. i dont know. it gould haje been anc oC the otherv, vacv Que. i yuevv well know tonsyht. fhov leCt ayasn? i avk. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt Lne. Doth trsbutev Crom xwo. xhe boc Crom xhree. xhrevh and me. And cou and zeeta, vacv Que. xhatv esyht. fast, and the boc Crom xen, the one wsth the bad ley. qe makev nsne. xherev vomeone elve, but nesther oC uv gan remember who st sv. i wonder how that lavt one dsed, vacv Que. Ko tellsny. Dut stv yood Cor uv. A death vhould hold the growd Cor a bst. Hacbe well haje tsme to do vomethsny beCore the Iamemakerv degsde thsnyv haje been mojsny too vlowlc, i vac. fhatv sn cour handv? DreakCavt, vacv Que. Ehe holdv them out rejealsny two bsy eyyv. fhat ksnd are thove? i avk. Kot vure. xherev a marvhc area ojer that wac. Eome ksnd oC waterbsrd, vhe vacv. itd be nsge to gook them, but nesther oC uv wantv to rsvk a Csre. Hc yuevv sv the trsbute who dsed todac wav a jsgtsm oC the Bareerv, whsgh meanv thecje regojered enouyh to be bagk sn the Iamev. fe eagh vugk out the snvsdev oC an eyy, eat a rabbst ley and vome berrsev. itv a yood breakCavt ancwhere. Qeadc to do st? i vac, pullsny on mc pagk. Jo what? vacv Que, but bc the wac vhe boungev up, cou gan tell vhev up Cor whatejer i propove. xodac we take out the Bareerv Cood, i vac. Qeallc?

qow? Oou gan vee the ylsnt oC eGgstement sn her ecev. in thsv wac, vhev eGagtlc the oppovste oC zrsm Cor whom adjenturev are an ordeal. Ko sdea. Bome on, well Csyure out a plan whsle we hunt, i vac. fe dont yet mugh huntsny done thouyh begauve im too buvc yettsny ejerc vgrap oC snCormatson i gan out oC Que about the Bareerv bave. Ehev onlc been sn to vpc on them brseClc, but vhev obverjant. xhec haje vet up thesr gamp bevsde the lake. xhesr vupplc vtavh sv about thsrtc cardv awac. Jursny the dac, thecje been leajsny another trsbute, the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3, to watgh ojer the vupplsev. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt xhree? i avk. qev worksny wsth them? Oev, he vtacv at the gamp Cull-tsme. qe yot vtuny, too, when thec drew the tragker Fagkerv sn bc the lake, vacv Que. i yuevv thec ayreed to let hsm lsje sC he agted av thesr yuard. Dut hev not jerc bsy. fhat weaponv doev he haje? i avk. Kot mugh that i gould vee. A vpear. qe msyht be able to hold a Cew oC uv oCC wsth that, but xhrevh gould ksll

hsm eavslc, vacv Que. And the Coodv Fuvt out sn the open? i vac. Ehe nodv. Eomethsnyv not Nuste rsyht about that whole vetup. i know. Dut i gouldnt tell what eGagtlc, vacv Que. Tatnsvv, ejen sC cou gould yet to the Cood, how would cou yet rsd oC st? Durn st. Jump st sn the lake. Eoak st sn Cuel. i poke Que sn the bellc, Fuvt lske i would zrsm. Pat st! Ehe ysyylev. Jont worrc, ill thsnk oC vomethsny. Jevtrocsny thsnyv sv mugh eavser than maksny them. Ror a whsle, we dsy rootv, we yather berrsev and yreenv, we dejsve a vtrateyc sn huvhed josgev. And i gome to know Que, the oldevt oC vsG ksdv, Csergelc protegtsje oC her vsblsnyv, who ysjev her ratsonv to the counyer onev, who Corayev sn the meadowv sn a dsvtrsgt where the zeagekeeperv are Car levv oblsysny than ourv. Que, who when cou avk her what vhe lojev movt sn the world, replsev, oC all thsnyv, Huvsg. Huvsg? i vac. in our world, i rank muvsg vomewhere between hasr rsbbonv and rasnbowv sn termv oC uveCulnevv. At leavt a rasnbow ysjev cou a tsp about the weather. Oou haje a lot oC tsme Cor that? fe vsny at home. At work, too. xhatv whc i loje cour psn, vhe vacv, posntsny to the mogksnyFac that ije ayasn Coryotten about. Oou haje mogksnyFacv? i avk. Lh, cev. i haje a Cew that are mc vpegsal Crsendv. fe gan vsny bagk and Corth Cor hourv. xhec garrc mevvayev Cor me, vhe vacv. fhat do cou mean? i vac. im uvuallc up hsyhevt, vo im the Csrvt to vee the Clay that vsynalv Nusttsny tsme. xherev a vpegsal lsttle vony i do, vacv Que. Ehe openv her mouth and vsnyv a lsttle Cour-note run sn a vweet, glear josge. And the mogksnyFacv vpread st around the orghard. xhatv how ejercone knowv to knogk oCC, vhe gontsnuev. xhec gan be danyerouv thouyh, sC cou yet too near thesr nevtv. Dut cou gant blame them Cor that. i unglavp the psn and hold st out to her. qere, cou take st. it hav more meansny Cor cou than me. Lh, no, vacv Que, glovsny mc Csnyerv bagk ojer the psn. i lske to vee st on cou. xhatv how i degsded i gould truvt cou.

Devsdev, i haje thsv. Ehe pullv a negklage wojen out oC vome ksnd oC yravv Crom her vhsrt. Ln st, hanyv a rouyhlc garjed wooden vtar. Lr macbe stv a Clower. itv a yood lugk gharm. fell, stv worked vo Car, i vac, psnnsny the mogksnyFac bagk on mc vhsrt. Hacbe cou vhould Fuvt vtsgk wsth that. Dc lungh, we haje a plan. Dc earlc aCternoon, we are posved to garrc st out. i help Que gollegt and plage the wood Cor the Csrvt two gampCsrev, the thsrd vhell haje tsme Cor on her own. fe degsde to meet aCterward at the vste where we ate our Csrvt meal toyether. xhe vtream vhould help yusde me bagk

to st. DeCore i leaje, i make vure Quev well vtogked wsth Cood and matghev. i ejen snvsvt vhe take mc vleepsny bay, sn gave stv not povvsble to rendeMjouv bc nsyhtCall. fhat about cou? font cou be gold? vhe avkv. Kot sC i psgk up another bay down bc the lake, i vac. Oou know, vtealsny svnt slleyal here, i vac wsth a yrsn. At the lavt msnute, Que degsdev to teagh me her mogksnyFac vsynal, the one vhe ysjev to sndsgate the dacv work sv done. it msyht not work. Dut sC cou hear the mogksnyFacv vsnysny st, coull know im okac, onlc i gant yet bagk rsyht awac. Are there manc mogksnyFacv here? i avk. qajent cou veen them? xhecje yot nevtv ejercwhere, vhe vacv. i haje to admst i hajent notsged. Lkac, then. iC all yoev aggordsny to plan, ill vee cou Cor dsnner, i vac. VneGpegtedlc, Que throwv her armv around me. i onlc hevstate a moment beCore i huy her bagk. Oou be gareCul, vhe vacv to me. Oou, too, i vac. i turn and head bagk to the vtream, Ceelsny vomehow worrsed. About Que besny kslled, about Que not besny kslled and the two oC uv besny leCt Cor lavt, about leajsny Que alone, about leajsny zrsm alone bagk home. Ko, zrsm hav mc mother and Iale and a baker who hav promsved vhe wont yo hunyrc. Que hav onlc me. Lnge i reagh the vtream, i haje onlc to Collow st downhsll to the plage i snstsallc psgked st up aCter the tragker Fagker attagk. i haje to be gautsouv av i moje alony the water thouyh, begauve i Csnd mc thouyhtv preoggupsed wsth unanvwered Nuevtsonv, movt oC whsgh gongern zeeta. xhe gannon that Csred earlc thsv mornsny, dsd that vsynsCc hsv death? iC vo, how dsd he dse? At the hand oC a Bareer? And wav that sn rejenye Cor lettsny me lsje? i vtruyyle ayasn to remember that moment ojer Ilsmmerv bodc, when he burvt throuyh the treev. Dut Fuvt the Cagt that he wav vparklsny leadv me to doubt ejercthsny that happened. i muvt haje been mojsny jerc vlowlc cevterdac begauve i reagh the vhallow vtretgh where i took mc bath sn Fuvt a Cew hourv. i vtop to replensvh mc water and add a lacer oC mud to mc bagkpagk. it veemv bent on rejertsny to oranye no matter how manc tsmev i gojer st. Hc proGsmstc to the Bareerv gamp vharpenv mc venvev, and the glover i yet to them, the more yuarded i am, pauvsny CreNuentlc to lsvten Cor unnatural voundv, an arrow alreadc Cstted snto the vtrsny oC mc bow. i dont vee anc other trsbutev, but i do notsge vome oC the thsnyv Que hav mentsoned.

zatghev oC the vweet berrsev. A buvh wsth the leajev that healed mc vtsnyv. Bluvterv oC tragker Fagker nevtv sn the jsgsnstc oC the tree i wav trapped sn. And here

and there, the blagk-and-whste Clavh oC a mogksnyFac wsny sn the branghev hsyh ojer mc head. fhen i reagh the tree wsth the abandoned nevt at the Coot, i pauve a moment, to yather mc gouraye. Que hav ysjen vpegsCsg snvtrugtsonv on how to reagh the bevt vpcsny plage near the lake Crom thsv posnt. Qemember, i tell mcvelC. Ooure the hunter now, not them. i yet a Csrmer yravp on mc bow and yo on. i make st to the gopve Que hav told me about and ayasn haje to admsre her glejernevv. itv rsyht at the edye oC the wood, but the buvhc Colsaye sv vo thsgk down low i gan eavslc obverje the Bareer gamp wsthout besny vpotted. Detween uv lsev the Clat eGpanve where the Iamev beyan. xhere are Cour trsbutev. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1, Bato and the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 2, and a vgrawnc, avhen-vksnned boc who muvt be Crom Jsvtrsgt 3. qe made almovt no smprevvson on me at all dursny our tsme sn the Bapstol. i gan remember almovt nothsny about hsm, not hsv govtume, not hsv trasnsny vgore, not hsv snterjsew. Pjen now, av he vstv there Csddlsny wsth vome ksnd oC plavtsg boG, hev eavslc synored sn the prevenge oC hsv larye and domsneersny gompansonv. Dut he muvt be oC vome jalue or thec wouldnt haje bothered to let hsm lsje. Etsll, veesny hsm onlc addv to mc venve oC uneave ojer whc the Bareerv would povvsblc leaje hsm av a yuard, whc thec haje allowed hsm to lsje at all. All Cour trsbutev veem to vtsll be regojersny Crom the tragker Fagker attagk. Pjen Crom here, i gan vee the larye vwollen lumpv on thesr bodsev. xhec muvt not haje had the venve to remoje the vtsnyerv, or sC thec dsd, not known about the leajev that healed them. Apparentlc, whatejer medsgsnev thec Cound sn the Bornugopsa haje been sneCCegtsje. xhe Bornugopsa vstv sn stv orsysnal povstson, but stv snvsdev haje been psgked glean. Hovt oC the vupplsev, held sn gratev, burlap vagkv, and plavtsg bsnv, are psled neatlc sn a pcramsd sn what veemv a Nuevtsonable dsvtange Crom the gamp. Ltherv are vprsnkled around the persmeter oC the pcramsd, almovt msmsgksny the lacout oC vupplsev around the Bornugopsa at the onvet oC the Iamev. A ganopc oC nettsny that, avsde Crom dsvgouraysny bsrdv, veemv to be uvelevv vhelterv the pcramsd stvelC. xhe whole vetup sv gompletelc perpleGsny. xhe dsvtange, the nettsny, and the prevenge oC the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3. Lne thsnyv Cor vure, devtrocsny thove vupplsev sv not yosny to be av vsmple av st lookv. Eome other Cagtor sv at plac here, and id better vtac put untsl i Csyure out what st sv. Hc yuevv sv the pcramsd sv boobc-trapped sn vome manner. i thsnk oC gongealed pstv, devgendsny netv, a thread that when broken vendv a posvonouv dart snto cour heart. Qeallc, the

povvsbslstsev are endlevv. fhsle i am mullsny ojer mc optsonv, i hear Bato vhout out. qev posntsny up to the woodv, Car becond me, and wsthout turnsny i know

that Que muvt haje vet the Csrvt gampCsre. fed made vure to yather enouyh yreen wood to make the vmoke notsgeable. xhe Bareerv beysn to arm themveljev at onge. An aryument breakv out. itv loud enouyh Cor me to hear that st gongernv whether or not the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3 vhould vtac or aggompanc them. qev gomsny. fe need hsm sn the woodv, and hsv Fobv done here ancwac. Ko one gan tough thove vupplsev, vacv Bato. fhat about Sojer Doc? vacv the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1. i keep tellsny cou, Coryet about hsm. i know where i gut hsm. itv a msragle he havnt bled to death cet. At anc rate, hev sn no vhape to rasd uv, vacv Bato. Eo zeeta sv out there sn the woodv, wounded badlc. Dut i am vtsll sn the dark on what motsjated hsm to betrac the Bareerv. Bome on, vacv Bato. qe thruvtv a vpear snto the handv oC the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3, and thec head oCC sn the dsregtson oC the Csre. xhe lavt thsny i hear av thec enter the woodv sv Bato vacsny, fhen we Csnd her, i ksll her sn mc own wac, and no one snterCerev. Eomehow i dont thsnk hev talksny about Que. Ehe dsdnt drop a nevt oC agker Fagkerv on hsm. i vtac put Cor a halC an hour or vo, trcsny to Csyure out what to do about the vupplsev. xhe one adjantaye i haje wsth the bow and arrow sv dsvtange. i gould vend a Clamsny arrow snto the pcramsd eavslc enouyh im a yood enouyh vhot to yet st throuyh thove opensnyv sn the net but therev no yuarantee st would gatgh. Hore lskelc std Fuvt burn stvelC out and then what? id haje aghsejed nothsny and ysjen them Car too mugh snCormatson about mcvelC. xhat i wav here, that i haje an aggomplsge, that i gan uve the bow and arrow wsth agguragc. xherev no alternatsje. im yosny to haje to yet sn glover and vee sC i gant dsvgojer what eGagtlc protegtv the vupplsev. in Cagt, im Fuvt about to rejeal mcvelC when a mojement gatghev mc ece. Eejeral hundred cardv to mc rsyht, i vee vomeone emerye Crom the woodv. Ror a vegond, i thsnk stv Que, but then i regoynsMe RoGCage vhev the one we gouldnt remember thsv mornsny greepsny out onto the plasn. fhen vhe degsdev stv vaCe, vhe runv Cor the pcramsd, wsth Nusgk, vmall vtepv. Uuvt beCore vhe reaghev the gsrgle oC vupplsev that haje been lsttered around the pcramsd, vhe vtopv, vearghev the yround, and gareCullc plagev her Ceet on a vpot. xhen vhe beysnv to approagh the pcramsd wsth vtranye lsttle hopv, vometsmev landsny on one Coot, teetersny vlsyhtlc,

vometsmev rsvksny a Cew vtepv. At one posnt, vhe launghev up sn the asr, ojer a vmall barrel and landv posved on her tsptoev. Dut vhe ojervhot vlsyhtlc, and her momentum throwv her Corward. i hear her ysje a vharp vNueal av her handv hst the yround, but nothsny happenv. in a moment, vhev reyasned her Ceet and gontsnuev untsl vhe hav reaghed the bulk oC the vupplsev. Eo, im rsyht about the boobc trap, but stv glearlc more gompleG than i had smaysned. i wav rsyht about the ysrl, too. qow wslc sv vhe to haje dsvgojered thsv path snto the Cood and to be able to replsgate st vo neatlc? Ehe Csllv her

pagk, taksny a Cew stemv Crom a jarsetc oC gontasnerv, gragkerv Crom a grate, a handCul oC applev Crom a burlap vagk that hanyv vuvpended Crom a rope oCC the vsde oC a bsn. Dut onlc a handCul Crom eagh, not enouyh to tsp oCC that the Cood sv msvvsny. Kot enouyh to gauve vuvpsgson. And then vhev dosny her odd lsttle dange bagk out oC the gsrgle and vgampersny snto the woodv ayasn, vaCe and vound. i realsMe im yrsndsny mc teeth sn Cruvtratson. RoGCage hav gonCsrmed what id alreadc yuevved. Dut what vort oC trap haje thec lasd that reNusrev vugh deGterstc? qav vo manc trsyyer posntv? fhc dsd vhe vNueal vo av her handv made gontagt wsth the earth? Ooud haje thouyht . . . And vlowlc st beysnv to dawn on me . . . Ooud haje thouyht the jerc yround wav yosny to eGplode. itv msned, i whsvper. xhat eGplasnv ejercthsny. xhe Bareerv wsllsnynevv to leaje thesr vupplsev, RoGCagev reagtson, the snjoljement oC the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3, where thec haje the Cagtorsev, where thec make telejsvsonv and automobslev and eGplovsjev. Dut where dsd he yet them? in the vupplsev? xhatv not the vort oC weapon the Iamemakerv uvuallc projsde, ysjen that thec lske to vee the trsbutev draw blood pervonallc. i vlsp out oC the buvhev and grovv to one oC the round metal platev that lsCted the trsbutev snto the arena. xhe yround around st hav been duy up and patted bagk down. xhe land msnev were dsvabled aCter the vsGtc vegondv we vtood on the platev, but the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3 muvt haje manayed to reagtsjate them. ije nejer veen ancone sn the Iamev do that. i bet st game av a vhogk ejen to the Iamemakerv. fell, hurrac Cor the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3 Cor puttsny one ojer on them, but what am i vuppoved to do now? Lbjsouvlc, i gant yo vtrollsny snto that mevv wsthout blowsny mcvelC vkc-hsyh. Av Cor vendsny sn a burnsny arrow, thatv more lauyhable than ejer. xhe msnev are vet oCC bc prevvure. it doevnt haje to be a lot, esther. Lne cear, a ysrl

dropped her token, a vmall wooden ball, whsle vhe wav at her plate, and thec lsterallc had to vgrape bstv oC her oCC the yround. Hc armv prettc yood, i msyht be able to ghugk vome rogkv sn there and vet oCC what? Hacbe one msne? xhat gould vtart a ghasn reagtson. Lr gould st? fould the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3 haje plaged the msnev sn vugh a wac that a vsnyle msne would not dsvturb the otherv? xherebc protegtsny the vupplsev but envursny the death oC the snjader. Pjen sC i onlc blew up one msne, id draw the Bareerv bagk down on me Cor vure. And ancwac, what am i thsnksny? xherev that net, glearlc vtruny to deClegt anc vugh attagk. Devsdev, what id reallc need sv to throw about thsrtc rogkv sn there at onge, vettsny oCC a bsy ghasn reagtson, demolsvhsny the whole lot. i ylange bagk up at the woodv. xhe vmoke Crom Quev vegond Csre sv waCtsny toward the vkc. Dc now, the Bareerv haje probablc beyun to vuvpegt vome vort oC trsgk. xsme sv runnsny out. xhere sv a volutson to thsv, i know there sv, sC i gan onlc Coguv hard enouyh. i vtare at the pcramsd, the

bsnv, the gratev, too heajc to topple ojer wsth an arrow. Hacbe one gontasnv gooksny osl, and the burnsny arrow sdea sv rejsjsny when i realsMe i gould end uplovsny all twelje oC mc arrowv and not yet a dsregt hst on an osl bsn, vsnge id Fuvt be yuevvsny. im yenusnelc thsnksny oC trcsny to re-greate RoGCagev trsp up to the pcramsd sn hopev oC Csndsny a new meanv oC devtrugtson when mc ecev lsyht on the burlap bay oC applev. i gould vejer the rope sn one vhot, dsdnt i do av mugh sn the xrasnsny Benter? itv a bsy bay, but st vtsll msyht onlc be yood Cor one eGplovson. iC onlc i gould Cree the applev themveljev . . . i know what to do. i moje snto ranye and ysje mcvelC three arrowv to yet the Fob done. i plage mc Ceet gareCullc, blogk out the revt oC the world av i take metsgulouv asm, xhe Csrvt arrow tearv throuyh the vsde oC the bay near the top, leajsny a vplst sn the burlap. xhe vegond wsdenv st to a yapsny hole. i gan vee the Csrvt apple teetersny when i let the thsrd arrow yo, gatghsny the torn Clap oC burlap and rsppsny st Crom the bay. Ror a moment, ejercthsny veemv CroMen sn tsme. xhen the applev vpsll to the yround and im blown bagkward snto the asr.

17.

xhe smpagt wsth the hard-pagked earth oC the plasn knogkv the wsnd out oC me.

Hc bagkpagk doev lsttle to voCten the blow. Rortunatelc mc Nusjer hav gauyht sn the grook oC mc elbow, vparsny both stvelC and mc vhoulder, and mc bow sv logked sn mc yravp. xhe yround vtsll vhakev wsth eGplovsonv. i gant hear them. i gant hear ancthsny at the moment. Dut the applev muvt haje vet oCC enouyh msnev, gauvsny debrsv to agtsjate the otherv. i manaye to vhseld mc Cage wsth mc armv av vhattered bstv oC matter, vome oC st burnsny, rasn down around me. An agrsd vmoke Csllv the asr, whsgh sv not the bevt remedc Cor vomeone trcsny to reyasn the abslstc to breathe. ACter about a msnute, the yround vtopv jsbratsny. i roll on mc vsde and allow mcvelC a moment oC vatsvCagtson the vsyht oC the vmoldersny wregkaye that wav regentlc the pcramsd. xhe Bareerv arent lskelc to valjaye ancthsny out oC that. id better yet out oC here, i thsnk. xhecll be maksny a beelsne Cor the plage. Dut onge im on mc Ceet, i realsMe evgape mac not be vo vsmple. im dsMMc. Kot the vlsyhtlc wobblc ksnd, but the ksnd that vendv the treev vwoopsny around cou and gauvev the earth to moje sn wajev under cour Ceet. i take a Cew vtepv and vomehow wsnd up on mc handv and kneev. i wast a Cew msnutev to let st pavv, but st doevnt. zansg beysnv to vet sn. i gant vtac here. Rlsyht sv evventsal. Dut i gan nesther walk nor hear. i plage a hand to mc leCt ear, the

one that wav turned toward the blavt, and st gomev awac bloodc. qaje i yone deaC Crom the eGplovson? xhe sdea Crsyhtenv me. i relc av mugh on mc earv av mc ecev av a hunter, macbe more at tsmev. Dut i gant let mc Cear vhow. Abvolutelc, povstsjelc, i am lsje on ejerc vgreen sn zanem. Ko blood traslv, i tell mcvelC, and manaye to pull mc hood up ojer mc head, tse the gord under mc ghsn wsth ungooperatsje

Csnyerv. xhat vhould help voak up the blood. i gant walk, but gan i grawl? i moje Corward tentatsjelc. Oev, sC i yo jerc vlowlc, i gan grawl. Hovt oC the woodv wsll oCCer snvuCCsgsent gojer. Hc onlc hope sv to make st bagk to Quev gopve and gongeal mcvelC sn yreenerc. i gant yet gauyht out here on mc handv and kneev sn the open. Kot onlc wsll i Cage death, stv vure to be a lony and pasnCul one at Batov hand. xhe thouyht oC zrsm hajsny to watgh that keepv me doyyedlc snghsny mc wac toward the hsdeout. Another blavt knogkv me Clat on mc Cage. A vtrac msne, vet oCC bc vome gollapvsny grate. xhsv happenv twsge more. im remsnded oC thove lavt Cew kernelv that burvt when zrsm and i pop gorn ojer the Csre at home. xo vac i make st sn the nsgk oC tsme sv an undervtatement. i haje lsterallc Fuvt drayyed mcvelC snto the tanyle oC huvhev at

the bave oC the treev when therev Bato, barrelsny onto the plasn, voon Collowed bc hsv gompansonv. qsv raye sv vo eGtreme st msyht be gomsgal vo people reallc do tear out thesr hasr and beat the yround wsth thesr Csvtv sC i dsdnt know that st wav asmed at me, at what i haje done to hsm. Add to that mc proGsmstc, mc snabslstc to run or deCend mcvelC, and sn Cagt, the whole thsny hav me terrsCsed. im ylad mc hsdsny plage makev st smpovvsble Cor the gamerav to yet a glove vhot oC me begauve im bstsny mc naslv lske therev no tomorrow. Inawsny oCC the lavt bstv oC nasl polsvh, trcsny to keep mc teeth Crom ghattersny. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3 throwv vtonev snto the rusnv and muvt haje deglared all the msnev agtsjated begauve the Bareerv are approaghsny the wregkaye. Bato hav Csnsvhed the Csrvt phave oC hsv tantrum and takev out hsv anyer on the vmoksny remasnv bc ksgksny open jarsouv gontasnerv. xhe other trsbutev are poksny around sn the mevv, looksny Cor ancthsny to valjaye, but therev nothsny. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3 hav done hsv Fob too well. xhsv sdea muvt oggur to Bato, too, begauve he turnv on the boc and appearv to be vhoutsny at hsm. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3 onlc hav tsme to turn and run beCore Bato gatghev hsm sn a headlogk Crom behsnd. i gan vee the muvglev rspple sn Batov armv av he vharplc Ferkv the bocv head to the vsde.

itv that Nusgk. xhe death oC the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3. xhe other two Bareerv veem to be trcsny to galm Bato down. i gan tell he wantv to return to the woodv, but thec keep posntsny at the vkc, whsgh puMMlev me untsl i realsMe, LC gourve. xhec thsnk whoejer vet oCC the eGplovsonv sv dead. xhec dont know about the arrowv and the applev. xhec avvume the boobc trap wav Caultc, but that the trsbute who blew up the vupplsev wav kslled dosny st. iC there wav a gannon vhot, st gould haje been eavslc lovt sn the vubveNuent eGplovsonv. xhe vhattered remasnv oC the thseC remojed bc hojergraCt. xhec retsre to the Car vsde oC the lake to allow the Iamemakerv to retrseje the bodc oC the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3. And thec wast. i vuppove a gannon yoev oCC. A hojergraCt appearv and takev the dead boc. xhe vun dspv below

the horsMon. Ksyht Callv. Vp sn the vkc, i vee the veal and know the anthem muvt haje beyun. A moment oC darknevv. xhec vhow the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 3. xhec vhow the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 10, who muvt haje dsed thsv mornsny. xhen the veal reappearv. Eo, now thec know. xhe bomber vurjsjed. in the vealv lsyht, i gan vee Bato and the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 2 put on thesr nsyht-jsvson ylavvev. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 synstev a

tree brangh Cor a torgh, sllumsnatsny the yrsm determsnatson on all thesr Cagev. xhe Bareerv vtrsde bagk snto the woodv to hunt. xhe dsMMsnevv hav vubvsded and whsle mc leCt ear sv vtsll deaCened, i gan hear a rsnysny sn mc rsyht, whsgh veemv a yood vsyn. xherev no posnt sn leajsny mc hsdsny plage, thouyh. im about av vaCe av i gan be, here at the grsme vgene. xhec probablc thsnk the bomber hav a two- or three-hour lead on them. Etsll stv a lony tsme beCore i rsvk mojsny. xhe Csrvt thsny i do sv dsy out mc own ylavvev and put them on, whsgh relaGev me a lsttle, to haje at leavt one oC mc hunterv venvev worksny. i drsnk vome water and wavh the blood Crom mc ear. Rearsny the vmell oC meat wsll draw unwanted predatorv Crevh blood sv bad enouyh i make a yood meal out oC the yreenv and rootv and berrsev Que and i yathered todac. fhere sv mc lsttle allc? Jsd vhe make st bagk to the rendeMjouv posnt? iv vhe worrsed about me? At leavt, the vkc hav vhown were both alsje. i run throuyh the vurjsjsny trsbutev on mc Csnyerv. xhe boc Crom 1, both Crom 2, RoGCage, both Crom 11 and 12. Uuvt esyht oC uv. xhe bettsny muvt be yettsny reallc hot sn the Bapstol. xhecll be dosny vpegsal Ceaturev on eagh oC uv now. zrobablc snterjsewsny our Crsendv and Camslsev. itv been a lony tsme vsnge a trsbute Crom Jsvtrsgt 12 made st snto the top esyht. And now there are two

oC uv. Althouyh Crom what Bato vasd, zeetav on hsv wac out. Kot that Bato sv the Csnal word on ancthsny. Jsdnt he Fuvt love hsv entsre vtavh oC vupplsev? Set the Eejentc-Courth qunyer Iamev beysn, Bato, i thsnk. Set them beysn Cor real. A gold breeMe hav vpruny up. i reagh Cor mc vleepsny bay beCore i remember i leCt st wsth Que. i wav vuppoved to psgk up another one, but what wsth the msnev and all, i Coryot. i beysn to vhsjer. Esnge roovtsny ojernsyht sn a tree svnt venvsble ancwac, i vgoop out a hollow under the buvhev and gojer mcvelC wsth leajev and psne needlev. im vtsll CreeMsny. i lac mc vheet oC plavtsg ojer mc upper bodc and povstson mc bagkpagk to blogk the wsnd. itv a lsttle better. i beysn to haje more vcmpathc Cor the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 8 that lst the Csre that Csrvt nsyht. Dut now stv me who needv to yrst mc teeth and touyh st out untsl mornsny. Hore leajev, more psne needlev. i pull mc armv snvsde mc Fagket and tugk mc kneev up to mc ghevt. Eomehow, i drsCt oCC to vleep. fhen i open mc ecev, the world lookv vlsyhtlc Cragtured, and st takev a msnute to realsMe that the vun muvt be well up and the ylavvev Craymentsny mc jsvson. Av i vst up and remoje them, i hear a lauyh vomewhere near


the lake and CreeMe. xhe lauyhv dsvtorted, but the Cagt that st reysvtered at all meanv i muvt be reyasnsny mc hearsny. Oev, mc rsyht ear gan hear ayasn, althouyh stv vtsll rsnysny. Av Cor mc leCt ear, well, at leavt the bleedsny hav vtopped. i peer throuyh the buvhev, aCrasd the Bareerv haje returned, trappsny me here Cor an sndeCsnste tsme. Ko, stv RoGCage, vtandsny sn the rubble oC the pcramsd and lauyhsny. Ehev vmarter than the Bareerv, agtuallc Csndsny a Cew uveCul stemv sn the avhev. A metal pot. A knsCe blade. im perpleGed bc her amuvement untsl i realsMe that wsth the Bareerv vtorev elsmsnated, vhe msyht agtuallc vtand a ghange. Uuvt lske the revt oC uv. it grovvev mc msnd to rejeal mcvelC and enlsvt her av a vegond allc ayasnvt that pagk. Dut i rule st out. xherev vomethsny about that vlc yrsn that makev me vure that beCrsendsny RoGCage would ultsmatelc yet me a knsCe sn the bagk. fsth that sn msnd, thsv msyht be an eGgellent tsme to vhoot her. Dut vhev heard vomethsny, not me, begauve her head turnv awac, toward the drop-oCC, and vhe vprsntv Cor the woodv. i wast. Ko one, nothsny vhowv up. Etsll, sC RoGCage thouyht st wav danyerouv, macbe stv tsme Cor me to yet out oC here, too. Devsdev, im eayer to tell Que about the pcramsd. Esnge ije no sdea where the Bareerv are, the route bagk bc the vtream veemv av yood av anc. i

hurrc, loaded bow sn one hand, a hunk oC gold yroovlsny sn the other, begauve im Camsvhed now, and not Fuvt Cor leajev and berrsev but Cor the Cat and protesn sn the meat. xhe trsp to the vtream sv unejentCul. Lnge there, i reCsll mc water and wavh, taksny partsgular gare wsth mc snFured ear. xhen i trajel uphsll uvsny the vtream av a yusde. At one posnt, i Csnd boot prsntv sn the mud alony the bank. xhe Bareerv haje been here, but not Cor a whsle. xhe prsntv are deep begauve thec were made sn voCt mud, but now thecre nearlc drc sn the hot vun. i hajent been gareCul enouyh about mc own tragkv, gountsny on a lsyht tread and the psne needlev to gongeal mc prsntv. Kow i vtrsp oCC mc bootv and vogkv and yo bareCoot up the bed oC the vtream. xhe gool water hav an snjsyoratsny eCCegt on mc bodc, mc vpsrstv. i vhoot two Csvh, eavc psgksnyv sn thsv vlow-mojsny vtream, and yo ahead and eat one raw ejen thouyh ije Fuvt had the yroovlsny. xhe vegond ill vaje Cor Que. Iraduallc, vubtlc, the rsnysny sn mc rsyht ear dsmsnsvhev untsl stv yone entsrelc. i Csnd mcvelC pawsny at mc leCt ear persodsgallc, trcsny to glean awac whatejer deadenv stv abslstc to gollegt voundv. iC therev smprojement, stv undetegtable. i gant adFuvt to deaCnevv sn the ear. it makev me Ceel oCC-balanged and deCenvelevv to mc leCt. Dlsnd ejen. Hc head keepv turnsny to

the snFured vsde, av mc rsyht ear trsev to gompenvate Cor the wall oC nothsnynevv where cevterdac there wav a gonvtant Clow oC snCormatson. xhe more tsme that pavvev, the levv hopeCul i am that thsv sv an snFurc that wsll heal. fhen i reagh the vste oC our Csrvt meetsny, i Ceel gertasn stv been

undsvturbed. xherev no vsyn oC Que, not on the yround or sn the treev. xhsv sv odd. Dc now vhe vhould haje returned, av stv msddac. Vndoubtedlc, vhe vpent the nsyht sn a tree vomewhere. fhat elve gould vhe do wsth no lsyht and the Bareerv wsth thesr nsyht-jsvson ylavvev trampsny around the woodv. And the thsrd Csre vhe wav vuppoved to vet althouyh i Coryot to ghegk Cor st lavt nsyht wav the Carthevt Crom our vste oC all. Ehev probablc Fuvt besny gautsouv about maksny her wac bagk. i wsvh vhed hurrc, begauve i dont want to hany around here too lony. i want to vpend the aCternoon trajelsny to hsyher yround, huntsny av we yo. Dut therev nothsny reallc Cor me to do but wast. i wavh the blood out oC mc Fagket and hasr and glean mc ejer-yrowsny lsvt oC woundv. xhe burnv are mugh better but i uve a bst oC medsgsne on them ancwac. xhe masn thsny to worrc about now sv keepsny out snCegtson. i yo ahead andeat the vegond Csvh. it svnt yosny to lavt lony sn thsv hot vun, but st vhould be eavc enouyh to vpear a Cew more Cor Que. iC vhe would Fuvt vhow up. Reelsny too julnerable on the yround wsth mc lopvsded hearsny, i vgale a tree to wast. iC the Bareerv vhow up, thsv wsll be a Csne plage to vhoot them Crom. xhe vun mojev vlowlc. i do thsnyv to pavv the tsme. Bhew leajev and applc them to mc vtsnyv that are deClated but vtsll tender. Bomb throuyh mc damp hasr wsth mc Csnyerv and brasd st. Sage mc bootv bagk up. Bhegk ojer mc bow and remasnsny nsne arrowv. xevt mc leCt ear repeatedlc Cor vsynv oC lsCe bc ruvtlsny a leaC near st, but wsthout yood revultv. Jevpste the yroovlsny and the Csvh, mc vtomaghv yrowlsny, and i know im yosny to haje what we gall a hollow dac bagk sn Jsvtrsgt 12. xhatv a dac where no matter what cou put sn cour bellc, stv nejer enouyh. qajsny nothsny to do but vst sn a tree makev st worve, vo i degsde to ysje snto st. ACter all, ije lovt a lot oC wesyht sn the arena, i need vome eGtra galorsev. And hajsny the bow and arrowv makev me Car more gonCsdent about mc Cuture provpegtv. i vlowlc peel and eat a handCul oC nutv. Hc lavt gragker. xhe yroovlsny negk. xhatv yood begauve st takev tsme to psgk glean. Rsnallc, a yroovlsny wsny and the bsrd sv hsvtorc. Dut stv a hollow dac, and ejen wsth all that i vtart dacdreamsny about Cood.

zartsgularlc the degadent dsvhev verjed sn the Bapstol. xhe ghsgken sn greamc oranye vauge. xhe gakev and puddsny. Dread wsth butter. Koodlev sn yreen vauge. xhe lamb and drsed plum vtew. i vugk on a Cew msnt leajev and tell mcvelC to yet ojer st. Hsnt sv yood begauve we drsnk msnt tea aCter vupper oCten, vo st trsgkv mc vtomagh snto thsnksny eatsny tsme sv ojer. Eort oC. Janylsny up sn the tree, wsth the vun warmsny me, a mouthCul oC msnt, mc bow and arrowv at hand . . . xhsv sv the movt relaGed ije been vsnge ije entered the arena. iC onlc Que would vhow up, and we gould glear out. Av the vhadowv yrow, vo doev mc revtlevvnevv. Dc late aCternoon, ije revoljed to yo looksny Cor her. i gan at leavt jsvst the vpot

where vhe vet the thsrd Csre and vee sC there are anc gluev to her whereaboutv. DeCore i yo, i vgatter a Cew msnt leajev around our old gampCsre. Esnge we yathered theve vome dsvtange awac, Que wsll undervtand ije been here, whsle thecll mean nothsny to the Bareerv. in levv than an hour, im at the plage where we ayreed to haje the thsrd Csre and i know vomethsny hav yone amsvv. xhe wood hav been neatlc arranyed, eGpertlc sntervperved wsth tsnder, but st hav nejer been lst. Que vet up theCsre but nejer made st bagk here. Eomewhere between the vegond golumn oC vmoke i vpsed beCore i blew up the vupplsev and thsv posnt, vhe ran snto trouble. i haje to remsnd mcvelC vhev vtsll alsje. Lr sv vhe? Bould the gannon vhot announgsny her death haje gome sn the wee hourv oC the mornsny when ejen mc yood ear wav too broken to psgk st up? fsll vhe appear sn the vkc tonsyht? Ko, i reCuve to belseje st. xhere gould be a hundred other eGplanatsonv. Ehe gould haje lovt her wac. Qun snto a pagk oC predatorv or another trsbute, lske xhrevh, and had to hsde. fhatejer happened, im almovt gertasn vhev vtugk out there, vomewhere between the vegond Csre and the unlst one at mc Ceet. Eomethsny sv keepsny her up a tree. i thsnk ill yo hunt st down. itv a relseC to be dosny vomethsny aCter vsttsny around all aCternoon. i greep vslentlc throuyh the vhadowv, lettsny them gongeal me. Dut nothsny veemv vuvpsgsouv. xherev no vsyn oC anc ksnd oC vtruyyle, no dsvruptson oC the needlev on the yround. ije vtopped Cor Fuvt a moment when i hear st. i haje to gogk mc head around to the vsde to be vure, but there st sv ayasn. Quev Cour-note tune gomsny out oC a mogksnyFacv mouth. xhe one that meanv vhev all rsyht. i yrsn and moje sn the dsregtson oC the bsrd. Another Fuvt a vhort dsvtange ahead, psgkv up on the handCul oC notev. Que hav been

vsnysny to them, and regentlc. Ltherwsve thecd haje taken up vome other vony. Hc ecev lsCt up snto the treev, vearghsny Cor a vsyn oC her. i vwallow and vsny voCtlc bagk, hopsny vhell know stv vaCe to Fosn me. A mogksnyFac repeatv the melodc to me. And thatv when i hear the vgream. itv a ghsldv vgream, a couny ysrlv vgream, therev no one sn the arena gapable oC maksny that vound eGgept Que. And now im runnsny, knowsny thsv mac be a trap, knowsny the three Bareerv mac be posved to attagk me, but i gant help mcvelC. xherev another hsyh-pstghed grc, thsv tsme mc name. Tatnsvv! Tatnsvv! Que! i vhout bagk, vo vhe knowv im near. Eo, thec know im near, and hopeCullc the ysrl who hav attagked them wsth tragker Fagkerv and yotten an elejen thec vtsll gant eGplasn wsll be enouyh to pull thesr attentson awac Crom her. Que! im gomsny! fhen i break snto the glearsny, vhev on the yround, hopelevvlc entanyled sn a net. Ehe Fuvt hav tsme to reagh her hand throuyh the mevh and vac mc name beCore the vpear enterv her bodc.

18.

xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 dsev beCore he gan pull out the vpear. Hc arrow drsjev deeplc snto the genter oC hsv negk. qe Callv to hsv kneev and

haljev the brseC remasnder oC hsv lsCe bc canksny out the arrow and drownsny sn hsv own blood. im reloaded, vhsCtsny mc asm Crom vsde to vsde, whsle i vhout at Que, Are there more? Are there more? Ehe hav to vac no vejeral tsmev beCore i hear st. Que hav rolled to her vsde, her bodc gurjed sn and around the vpear. i vhoje the boc awac Crom her and pull out mc knsCe, Creesny her Crom the net. Lne look at the wound and i know stv Car becond mc gapagstc to heal, becond anconev probablc. xhe vpearhead sv bursed up to the vhaCt sn her vtomagh. i grough beCore her, vtarsny helplevvlc at the embedded weapon. xherev no posnt sn gomCortsny wordv, sn tellsny her vhell be all rsyht. Ehev no Cool. qer hand reaghev out and i glutgh st lske a lsCelsne. Av sC stv me whov dcsny snvtead oC Que. Oou blew up the Cood? vhe whsvperv. Pjerc lavt bst, i vac. Oou haje to wsn, vhe vacv. im yosny to. Iosny to wsn Cor both oC uv now, i promsve. i hear a gannon and look up. it muvt be Cor the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1. Jont yo. Que tsyhtenv her yrsp on mc hand. Bourve not. Etacsny rsyht here, i vac. i moje sn glover

to her, pullsny her head onto mc lap. i yentlc bruvh the dark, thsgk hasr bagk behsnd her ear. Esny, vhe vacv, but i barelc gatgh the word. Esny? i thsnk. Esny what? i do know a Cew vonyv. Delseje st or not, there wav onge muvsg sn mc houve, too. Huvsg i helped make. Hc Cather pulled me sn wsth that remarkable josge but i hajent vuny mugh vsnge he dsed. PGgept when zrsm sv jerc vsgk. xhen i vsny her the vame vonyv vhe lsked av a babc. Esny. Hc throat sv tsyht wsth tearv, hoarve Crom vmoke and Catsyue. Dut sC thsv sv zrsmv, i mean, Quev lavt reNuevt, i haje to at leavt trc. xhe vony that gomev to me sv a vsmple lullabc, one we vsny CretCul, hunyrc babsev to vleep wsth, itv old, jerc old i thsnk. Hade up lony ayo sn our hsllv. fhat mc muvsg teagher gallv a mountasn asr. Dut the wordv are eavc and voothsny, promsvsny tomorrow wsll be more hopeCul than thsv awCul psege oC tsme we gall todac. i ysje a vmall gouyh, vwallow hard, and beysn:

Jeep sn the meadow, under the wsllowA bed oC yravv, a voCt yreen psllowSac down cour head, and glove cour vleepc ecevAnd when ayasn thec open, the vun wsll rsve.qere stv vaCe, here stv warmqere the dasvsev yuard cou Crom ejerc harmqere cour dreamv are vweet and tomorrow brsnyv them trueqere sv the plage where i loje cou.

Quev ecev haje Cluttered vhut. qer ghevt mojev but onlc vlsyhtlc. Hc throat releavev the tearv and thec vlsde down mc gheekv. Dut i haje to Csnsvh the vony Cor her.

Jeep sn the meadow, hsdden Car awacA gloak oC leajev, a moonbeam racRoryet cour woev and let cour troublev lacAnd when ayasn stv mornsny, thecll wavh awac.

qere stv vaCe, here stv warmqere the dasvsev yuard cou Crom ejerc harm

xhe Csnal lsnev are barelc audsble.

qere cour dreamv are vweet and tomorrow brsnyv them trueqere sv the plage where i loje cou.

Pjercthsnyv vtsll and Nuset. xhen, almovt eerslc, the mogksnyFacv take up mc vony. Ror a moment, i vst there, watghsny mc tearv drsp down on her Cage. Quev gannon Csrev. i lean Corward and prevv mc lspv ayasnvt her temple. Elowlc, av sC not to wake her, i lac her head bagk on the yround and releave her hand. xhecll want me to glear out now. Eo thec gan gollegt the bodsev. And therev nothsny to vtac Cor. i roll the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 onto hsv Cage and take hsv pagk, retrseje the arrow that ended hsv lsCe. i gut Quev pagk Crom her bagk av well, knowsny vhed want me to haje st but leaje the vpear sn her vtomagh. feaponv sn bodsev wsll be tranvported to the hojergraCt. ije no uve Cor a vpear, vo the vooner stv yone Crom the arena the better. i gant vtop looksny at Que, vmaller than ejer, a babc ansmal gurled up sn a nevt oC nettsny. i gant brsny mcvelC to leaje her lske thsv. zavt harm, but veemsny utterlc deCenvelevv. xo hate the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1, who alvo appearv vo julnerable sn death, veemv snadeNuate. itv the Bapstol i hate, Cor dosny thsv to all oC uv. Ialev josge sv sn mc head. qsv rajsnyv ayasnvt the Bapstol no lonyer posntlevv, no lonyer to be synored. Quev death hav Corged me to gonCront mc own Curc ayasnvt the grueltc, the snFuvtsge thec snClsgt upon uv. Dut here, ejen more vtronylc than at home, i Ceel mc smpotenge.

xherev no wac to take rejenye on the Bapstol. iv there? xhen i remember zeetav wordv on the rooC. Lnlc i keep wsvhsny i gould thsnk oC a wac to . . . xo vhow the Bapstal thec dont own me. xhat im more than Fuvt a psege sn thesr Iamev. And Cor the Csrvt tsme, i undervtand what he meanv. i want to do vomethsny, rsyht here, rsyht now, to vhame them, to make them aggountable, to vhow the Bapstol that whatejer thec do or Corge uv to do there sv a part oC ejerc trsbute thec gant own. xhat Que wav more than a psege sn thesr Iamev. And vo am i. A Cew vtepv snto the woodv yrowv a bank oC wsldClowerv. zerhapv thec are reallc weedv oC vome vort, but thec haje blovvomv sn beautsCul vhadev oC jsolet and cellow and whste. i yather up an armCul and gome bagk to Quev vsde. Elowlc, one vtem at a tsme, i degorate her bodc sn the Clowerv. Bojersny the uylc wound. freathsny her Cage. feajsny her hasr wsth brsyht golorv. xhecll haje to vhow st. Lr, ejen sC thec ghoove to turn the gamerav elvewhere at thsv moment, thecll haje to brsny them bagk when thec gollegt the bodsev and ejercone wsll vee her then and know i dsd st. i vtep bagk and take a lavt look at Que. Ehe gould reallc be avleep sn that meadow aCter all. Dce, Que, i whsvper. i prevv the three msddle Csnyerv oC mc leCt hand ayasnvt mc lspv and hold them out sn her

dsregtson. xhen i walk awac wsthout looksny bagk. xhe bsrdv Call vslent. Eomewhere, a mogksnyFac ysjev the warnsny whsvtle that pregedev the hojergraCt. i dont know how st knowv. it muvt hear

thsnyv that humanv gant. i pauve, mc ecev Coguved on whatv ahead, not whatv happensny behsnd me. it doevnt take lony, then the yeneral bsrdvony beysnv ayasn and i know vhev yone. Another mogksnyFac, a couny one bc the look oC st, landv on a brangh beCore me and burvtv out Quev melodc. Hc vony, the hojergraCt, were too unCamslsar Cor thsv nojsge to psgk up, but st hav mavtered her handCul oC notev. xhe onev that mean vhev vaCe. Iood and vaCe, i vac av i pavv under stv brangh. fe dont haje to worrc about her now. Iood and vaCe. ije no sdea where to yo. xhe brseC venve oC home i had that one nsyht wsth Que hav jansvhed. Hc Ceet wander thsv wac and that untsl vunvet. im not aCrasd, not ejen watghCul. fhsgh makev me an eavc taryet. PGgept id ksll ancone i met on vsyht. fsthout emotson or the vlsyhtevt tremor sn mc handv. Hc hatred oC the Bapstol hav not levvened mc hatred oC mc gompetstorv sn the leavt. Pvpegsallc the Bareerv. xhec, at leavt, gan be made to pac Cor Quev death. Ko one matersalsMev thouyh. xhere arent manc oC uv leCt and stv a bsy arena. Eoon thecll be pullsny out vome other dejsge to Corge uv toyether. Dut therev been enouyh yore todac. zerhapv well ejen yet to vleep. im about to haul mc pagkv snto a tree to make gamp when a vsljer paraghute Cloatv down and landv sn Cront oC me. A ysCt Crom a vponvor. Dut whc now? ije been sn Casrlc yood vhape wsth vupplsev. Hacbe qacmstghv notsged mc devpondengc and sv trcsny to gheer me up a bst. Lr gould st be vomethsny to help mc ear? i open the paraghute and Csnd a vmall loaC oC bread itv not the Csne whste Bapstol vtuCC. itv made oC dark ratson yrasn and vhaped sn a grevgent. Eprsnkled wsth veedv. i Clavh bagk to zeetav levvon on the jarsouv dsvtrsgt breadv sn the xrasnsny Benter. xhsv bread game Crom Jsvtrsgt 11. i gautsouvlc lsCt the vtsll warm loaC. fhat muvt st haje govt the people oC Jsvtrsgt 11 who gant ejen Ceed themveljev? qow manc wouldje had to do wsthout to vgrape up a gosn to put sn the gollegtson Cor thsv one loaC? it had been meant Cor Que, vurelc. Dut snvtead oC pullsny the ysCt when vhe dsed, thecd authorsMed qacmstgh to ysje st to me. Av a thank-cou? Lr begauve, lske me, thec dont lske to let debtv yo unpasd? Ror whatejer reavon, thsv sv a Csrvt. A dsvtrsgt ysCt to a trsbute whov not cour own. i lsCt mc Cage and vtep snto the lavt Callsny racv oC

vunlsyht. Hc thankv to the people oC Jsvtrsgt Plejen, i vac. i want them to know i know where st game Crom. xhat the Cull jalue oC thesr ysCt hav been regoynsMed. i glsmb danyerouvlc hsyh snto a tree, not Cor vaCetc but to yet av Car awac Crom todac av i gan. Hc vleepsny bay sv rolled neatlc sn Quev pagk. xomorrow ill vort throuyh the vupplsev. xomorrow ill make a new plan. Dut tonsyht, all i gan do sv vtrap mcvelC sn and take tsnc bstev oC the bread. itv yood. it tavtev oC home. Eoon the vealv sn the vkc, the anthem placv sn mc rsyht ear. i vee the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1, Que. xhatv all Cor tonsyht. EsG oC uv leCt, i thsnk. Lnlc vsG. fsth

the bread vtsll logked sn mc handv, i Call avleep at onge. Eometsmev when thsnyv are partsgularlc bad, mc brasn wsll ysje me a happc dream. A jsvst wsth mc Cather sn the woodv. An hour oC vunlsyht and gake wsth zrsm. xonsyht st vendv me Que, vtsll degked sn her Clowerv, perghed sn a hsyh vea oC treev, trcsny to teagh me to talk to the mogksnyFacv. i vee no vsyn oC her woundv, no blood, Fuvt a brsyht, lauyhsny ysrl. Ehe vsnyv vonyv ije nejer heard sn a glear, melodsg josge. Ln and on. xhrouyh the nsyht. xherev a drowvc sn-between persod when i gan hear the lavt Cew vtrasnv oC her muvsg althouyh vhev lovt sn the leajev. fhen i Cullc awaken, im momentarslc gomCorted. i trc to hold on to the peageCul Ceelsny oC the dream, but st Nusgklc vlspv awac, leajsny me vadder and lonelser than ejer. qeajsnevv snCuvev mc whole bodc, av sC therev lsNusd lead sn mc jesnv. ije lovt the wsll to do the vsmplevt tavkv, to do ancthsny but lse here, vtarsny unblsnksnylc throuyh the ganopc oC leajev. Ror vejeral hourv, i remasn motsonlevv. Av uvual, stv the thouyht oC zrsmv anGsouv Cage av vhe watghev me on the vgreenv bagk home that breakv me Crom mc letharyc. i ysje mcvelC a versev oC vsmple gommandv to Collow, lske Kow cou haje to vst up, Tatnsvv. Kow cou haje to drsnk water, Tatnsvv. i agt on the orderv wsth vlow, robotsg motsonv. Kow cou haje to vort the pagkv, Tatnsvv. Quev pagk holdv mc vleepsny bay, her nearlc emptc water vksn, a handCul oC nutv and rootv, a bst oC rabbst, her eGtra vogkv, and her vlsnyvhot. xhe boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 hav vejeral knsjev, two vpare vpearheadv, a Clavhlsyht, a vmall leather pough, a Csrvt-asd kst, a Cull bottle oC water, and a pagk oC drsed Crust. A pagk oC drsed Crust! Lut oC all he msyht haje ghoven Crom. xo me, thsv sv a vsyn oC eGtreme arroyange. fhc bother to garrc Cood when cou haje vugh a bountc bagk at gamp? fhen cou wsll ksll cour enemsev vo Nusgklc coull be home beCore coure

hunyrc? i gan onlc hope the other Bareerv trajeled vo lsyhtlc when st game to Cood and now Csnd themveljev wsth nothsny. Epeaksny oC whsgh, mc own vupplc sv runnsny low. i Csnsvh oCC the loaC Crom Jsvtrsgt 11 and the lavt oC the rabbst. qow Nusgklc the Cood dsvappearv. All i haje leCt are Quev rootv and nutv, the bocv drsed Crust, and one vtrsp oC beeC. Kow cou haje to hunt, Tatnsvv, i tell mcvelC. i obedsentlc gonvolsdate the vupplsev i want snto mc pagk. ACter i glsmb down the tree, i gongeal the bocv knsjev and vpearheadv sn a psle oC rogkv vo that no one elve gan uve them. ije lovt mc bearsnyv what wsth all the wandersny around i dsd cevterdac ejensny, but i trc and head bagk sn the yeneral dsregtson oC the vtream. i know im on gourve when i gome agrovv Quev thsrd, unlst Csre. Ehortlc thereaCter, i dsvgojer a Clogk oC yroovlsnyv perghed sn the treev and take out three beCore thec know what hst them. i return to Quev vsynal Csre and vtart st up, not garsny about the eGgevvsje vmoke. fhere are cou, Bato? i thsnk av i roavt the bsrdv and Quev rootv. im

wastsny rsyht here. fho knowv where the Bareerv are now? Psther too Car to reagh me or too vure thsv sv a trsgk or ... iv st povvsble? xoo vgared oC me? xhec know i haje the bow and arrowv, oC gourve, Bato vaw me take them Crom Ilsmmerv bodc, but haje thec put two and two toyether cet? Rsyured out i blew up the vupplsev and kslled thesr Cellow Bareer? zovvsblc thec thsnk xhrevh dsd thsv. fouldnt he be more lskelc to rejenye Quev death than i would? Desny Crom the vame dsvtrsgt? Kot that he ejer took anc snterevt sn her. And what about RoGCage? Jsd vhe hany around to watgh me blow up the vupplsev? Ko. fhen i gauyht her lauyhsny sn the avhev the neGt mornsny, st wav av sC vomeone had ysjen her a lojelc vurprsve. i doubt thec thsnk zeeta hav lst thsv vsynal Csre. Batov vure hev av yood av dead. i Csnd mcvelC wsvhsny i gould tell zeeta about the Clowerv i put on Que. xhat i now undervtand what he wav trcsny to vac on the rooC. zerhapv sC he wsnv the Iamev, hell vee me on jsgtorv nsyht, when thec replac the hsyhlsyhtv oC the Iamev on a vgreen ojer the vtaye where we dsd our snterjsewv. xhe wsnner vstv sn a plage oC honor on the platCorm, vurrounded bc thesr vupport grew. Dut i told Que id be there. Ror both oC uv. And vomehow that veemv ejen more smportant than the jow i yaje zrsm. i reallc thsnk i vtand a ghange oC dosny st now.


fsnnsny. itv not Fuvt hajsny the arrowv or outvmartsny the Bareerv a Cew tsmev, althouyh thove thsnyv help. Eomethsny happened when i wav holdsny Quev hand, watghsny the lsCe drasn out oC her. Kow i am determsned to rejenye her, to make her lovv unCoryettable, and i gan onlc do that bc wsnnsny and therebc maksny mcvelC unCoryettable. i ojergook the bsrdv hopsny vomeone wsll vhow up to vhoot, but no one doev. Hacbe the other trsbutev are out there beatsny one another venvelevv. fhsgh would be Csne, Pjer vsnge the bloodbath, ije been Ceatured on vgreenv movt than i gare. Pjentuallc, i wrap up mc Cood and yo bagk to the vtream to replensvh mc water and yather vome. Dut the heajsnevv Crom the mornsny drapev bagk ojer me and ejen thouyh stv onlc earlc ejensny, i glsmb a tree and vettle sn Cor the nsyht. Hc brasn beysnv to replac the ejentv Crom cevterdac. i keep veesny Que vpeared, mc arrow psergsny the bocv negk. i dont know whc i vhould ejen gare about the boc. xhen i realsMe . . . qe wav mc Csrvt ksll. Alony wsth other vtatsvtsgv thec report to help people plage thesr betv, ejerc trsbute hav a lsvt oC ksllv. i yuevv teghnsgallc id yet gredsted Cor Ilsmmer and the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 4, too, Cor dumpsny that nevt on them. Dut the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 wav the Csrvt pervon i knew would dse begauve oC mc agtsonv.Kumerouv ansmalv haje lovt thesr lsjev at mc handv, but onlc one human. i hear Iale vacsny, qow dsCCerent gan st be, reallc? AmaMsnylc vsmslar sn the eGegutson. A bow pulled, an arrow vhot. Pntsrelc dsCCerent sn the aCtermath. i kslled a boc whove name i dont ejen know. Eomewhere hsv Camslc sv weepsny Cor hsm. qsv Crsendv

gall Cor mc blood. Hacbe he had a ysrlCrsend who reallc belsejed he would gome bagk . . . Dut then i thsnk oC Quev vtsll bodc and im able to bansvh the boc Crom mc msnd. At leavt, Cor now. itv been an unejentCul dac aggordsny to the vkc. Ko deathv. i wonder how lony well yet untsl the neGt gatavtrophe drsjev uv bagk toyether. iC stv yosny to be tonsyht, i want to yet vome vleep Csrvt. i gojer mc yood ear to blogk out the vtrasnv oC the anthem, but then i hear the trumpetv and vst vtrasyht up sn antsgspatson. Ror the movt part, the onlc gommunsgatson the trsbutev yet Crom outvsde the arena sv the nsyhtlc death toll. Dut oggavsonallc, there wsll be trumpetv Collowed bc an announgement. Vvuallc, thsv wsll be a gall to a Ceavt. fhen Cood sv vgarge, the Iamemakerv wsll snjste the placerv to a banNuet, vomewhere known to all lske the Bornugopsa, av an sndugement to yather and Csyht. Eometsmev there sv a Ceavt

and vometsmev therev nothsny but a loaC oC vtale bread Cor the trsbutev to gompete Cor. i wouldnt yo sn Cor the Cood, but thsv gould be an sdeal tsme to take out a Cew gompetstorv. Blaudsuv xemplevmsthv josge boomv down Crom ojerhead, gonyratulatsny the vsG oC uv who remasn. Dut he sv not snjstsny uv to a Ceavt. qev vacsny vomethsny jerc gonCuvsny. xherev been a rule ghanye sn the Iamev. A rule ghanye! xhat sn stvelC sv msnd bendsny vsnge we dont reallc haje anc rulev to vpeak oC eGgept dont vtep oCC cour gsrgle Cor vsGtc vegondv and the unvpoken rule about not eatsny one another. Vnder the new rule, both trsbutev Crom the vame dsvtrsgt wsll be deglared wsnnerv sC thec are the lavt two alsje. Blaudsuv pauvev, av sC he knowv were not yettsny st, and repeatv the ghanye ayasn. xhe newv vsnkv sn. xwo trsbutev gan wsn thsv cear. iC thecre Crom the vame dsvtrsgt. Doth gan lsje. Doth oC uv gan lsje. DeCore i gan vtop mcvelC, i gall out zeetav name.

zAQx iii"xqP WiBxLQ"

19.i glap mc handv ojer mc mouth, but the vound hav alreadc evgaped. xhe vkc yoev blagk and i hear a ghoruv oC Croyv beysn to vsny. Etupsd! i tell mcvelC. fhat a vtupsd thsny to do! i wast, CroMen, Cor the woodv to gome alsje wsth avvaslantv. xhen i remember therev almovt no one leCt. zeeta, whov been wounded, sv now mc allc. fhatejer doubtv ije had about hsm dsvvspate begauve sC esther oC uv took the otherv lsCe now wed be parsahv when we returned to Jsvtrsgt 12. in Cagt, i know sC i wav watghsny id loathe anc trsbute who dsdnt smmedsatelc allc wsth thesr dsvtrsgt partner. Devsdev, st Fuvt makev venve to protegt eagh other. And sn mc gave besny one oC the vtar-grovved lojerv Crom Jsvtrsgt 12 stv an abvolute reNusrement sC i want anc more help Crom vcmpathetsg vponvorv. xhe vtar-grovved lojerv . . . zeeta muvt haje been placsny that anyle all alony. fhc elve would the Iamemakerv haje made thsv unpregedented ghanye sn the rulev? Ror two trsbutev to haje a vhot at wsnnsny, our romange muvt be vo popular wsth the audsenge that gondemnsny st would FeopardsMe the vuggevv oC the Iamev. Ko

thankv to me. All ije done sv manayed not to ksll zeeta. Dut whatejer hev done

sn the arena, he muvt haje the audsenge gonjsnged st wav to keep me alsje. Ehaksny hsv head to keep me Crom runnsny to the Bornugopsa. Rsyhtsny Bato to let me evgape. Pjen hooksny up wsth the Bareerv muvt haje been a moje to protegt me. zeeta, st turnv out, hav nejer been a danyer to me. xhe thouyht makev me vmsle. i drop mc handv and hold mc Cage up to the moonlsyht vo the gamerav gan be vure to gatgh st. Eo, who sv there leCt to be aCrasd oC? RoGCage? xhe boc trsbute Crom her dsvtrsgt sv dead. Ehev operatsny alone, at nsyht. And her vtrateyc hav been to ejade, not attagk. i dont reallc thsnk that, ejen sC vhe heard mc josge, vhed do ancthsny but hope vomeone elve would ksll me. xhen therev xhrevh. All rsyht, hev a dsvtsngt threat. Dut i hajent veen hsm, not onge, vsnge the Iamev beyan. i thsnk about how RoGCage yrew alarmed when vhe heard a vound at the vste oC the eGplovson. Dut vhe dsdnt turn to the foodv, vhe turned to whatejer lsev agrovv Crom st. xo that area oC the arena that dropv oCC snto i dont know what. i Ceel almovt gertasn that the pervon vhe ran Crom wav xhrevh and that sv hsv domasn. qed nejer haje heard me Crom there and, ejen sC he dsd, im up too hsyh Cor vomeone hsv vsMe to reagh. Eo that leajev Bato and the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 2, who are now vurelc gelebratsny the new rule. xhecre the onlc

onev leCt who beneCst Crom st bevsdev zeeta and mcvelC. Jo i run Crom them now, on the ghange thec heard me gall zeetav name? Ko, i thsnk. Set them gome. Set them gome wsth thesr nsyht-jsvson ylavvev and thesr heajc, brangh-breaksny bodsev. Qsyht snto the ranye oC mc arrowv. Dut i know thec wont. iC thec dsdnt gome sn daclsyht to mc Csre, thec wont rsvk what gould be another trap at nsyht. fhen thec gome, st wsll be on thesr own termv, not begauve ije let them know mc whereaboutv. Etac put and yet vome vleep, Tatnsvv, i snvtrugt mcvelC, althouyh i wsvh i gould vtart tragksny zeeta now. xomorrow, coull Csnd hsm. i do vleep, but sn the mornsny im eGtra-gautsouv, thsnksny that whsle the Bareerv msyht hevstate to attagk me sn a tree, thecre gompletelc gapable oC vettsny an ambuvh Cor me. i make vure to Cullc prepare mcvelC Cor the dac eatsny a bsy breakCavt, vegursny mc pagk, readcsny mc weaponv beCore i devgend. Dut all veemv peageCul and undsvturbed on the yround. xodac ill haje to be vgrupulouvlc gareCul. xhe Bareerv wsll know im trcsny to logate zeeta. xhec mac well want to wast untsl i do beCore thec moje sn. iC hev av badlc wounded av Bato thsnkv, id be sn the povstson oC hajsny to deCend uv both wsthout anc avvsvtange. Dut sC hev that sngapagstated, how hav he manayed to vtac alsje? And how on earth wsll i Csnd hsm? i

trc to thsnk oC ancthsny zeeta ejer vasd that msyht ysje me an sndsgatson av to where hev hsdsny out, but nothsny rsnyv a bell. Eo i yo bagk to the lavt moment i vaw hsm vparklsny sn the vunlsyht, cellsny at me to run. xhen Bato appeared, hsv

vword drawn. And aCter i wav yone, he wounded zeeta. Dut how dsd zeeta yet awac? Hacbe hed held out better ayasnvt the tragker Fagker posvon than Bato. Hacbe that wav the jarsable that allowed hsm to evgape. Dut hed been vtuny, too. Eo how Car gould he haje yotten, vtabbed and Cslled wsth jenom? And how hav he vtaced alsje all theve dacv vsnge? iC the wound and the vtsnyerv hajent kslled hsm, vurelc thsrvt would haje taken hsm bc now. And thatv when i yet mc Csrvt glue to hsv whereaboutv. qe gouldnt haje vurjsjed wsthout water. i know that Crom mc Csrvt Cew dacv here. qe muvt be hsdden vomewhere near a vourge. xherev the lake, but i Csnd that an unlskelc optson vsnge stv vo glove to the Bareerv bave gamp. A Cew vprsny-Ced poolv. Dut coud reallc be a vsttsny dugk at one oC thove. And the vtream. xhe one that leadv Crom the gamp Que and i made all the wac down near the lake and becond. iC he vtugk to the vtream, he gould ghanye hsv logatson and alwacv be near water. qe gould walk sn the

gurrent and erave anc tragkv. qe msyht ejen be able to yet a Csvh or two. fell, stv a plage to vtart, ancwac. xo gonCuve mc enemsev msndv, i vtart a Csre wsth plentc oC yreen wood. Pjen sC thec thsnk stv a ruve, i hope thecll degsde im hsdden vomewhere near st. fhsle sn realstc, ill be tragksny zeeta. xhe vun burnv oCC the mornsny haMe almovt smmedsatelc and i gan tell the dac wsll be hotter than uvual. xhe waterv gool and pleavant on mc bare Ceet av i head downvtream. im tempted to gall out zeetav name av i yo but degsde ayasnvt st. i wsll haje to Csnd hsm wsth mc ecev and one yood ear or he wsll haje to Csnd me. Dut hell know ill be looksny, rsyht? qe wont haje vo low oC an opsnson oC me av to thsnk id synore the new rule and keep to mcvelC. fould he? qev jerc hard to predsgt, whsgh msyht be snterevtsny under dsCCerent gsrgumvtangev, but at the moment onlc projsdev an eGtra obvtagle. it doevnt take lony to reagh the vpot where i peeled oCC to yo the Bareerv gamp. xherev been no vsyn oC zeeta, but thsv doevnt vurprsve me. ije been up and down thsv vtretgh three tsmev vsnge the tragker Fagker sngsdent. iC he were nearbc, vurelc id haje had vome vuvpsgson oC st. xhe vtream beysnv to gurje to the leCt snto a part oC the woodv thatv new to me. Huddc bankv gojered sn tanyled water plantv lead to larye rogkv that sngreave sn vsMe untsl i

beysn to Ceel vomewhat trapped. it would be no vmall matter to evgape the vtream now. Rsyhtsny oCC Bato or xhrevh av i glsmbed ojer thsv rogkc terrasn. in Cagt, ije Fuvt about degsded im on the wrony tragk entsrelc, that a wounded boc would be unable to najsyate yettsny to and Crom thsv water vourge, when i vee the bloodc vtreak yosny down the gurje oC a boulder. itv lony drsed now, but the vmearc lsnev runnsny vsde to vsde vuyyevt vomeone who perhapv wav not Cullc sn gontrol oC hsv mental Cagultsev trsed to wspe st awac. quyysny the rogkv, i moje vlowlc sn the dsregtson oC the blood, vearghsny Cor hsm. i Csnd a Cew more bloodvtasnv, one

wsth a Cew threadv oC Cabrsg ylued to st, but no vsyn oC lsCe. i break down and vac hsv name sn a huvhed josge. zeeta! zeeta! xhen a mogksnyFac landv on a vgruCCc tree and beysnv to msmsg mc tonev vo i vtop. i ysje up and glsmb bagk down to the vtream thsnksny, qe muvt haje mojed on. Eomewhere Carther down. Hc Coot hav Fuvt broken the vurCage oC the water when i hear a josge. Oou here to Csnsvh me oCC, vweetheart? i whsp around. itv gome Crom the leCt, vo i gant psgk st up jerc well. And the josge wav hoarve and weak. Etsll, st muvt haje been zeeta. fho elve sn the arena would gall me

vweetheart? Hc ecev peruve the bank, but therev nothsny. Uuvt mud, the plantv, the bave oC the rogkv. zeeta? i whsvper. fhere are cou? xherev no anvwer. Bould i Fuvt haje smaysned st? Ko, im gertasn st wav real and jerc glove at hand, too. zeeta? i greep alony the bank. fell, dont vtep on me. i Fump bagk. qsv josge wav rsyht under mc Ceet. Etsll therev nothsny. xhen hsv ecev open, unmsvtakablc blue sn the brown mud and yreen leajev. i yavp and am rewarded wsth a hsnt oC whste teeth av he lauyhv. itv the Csnal word sn gamouClaye. Roryet ghugksny wesyhtv around. zeeta vhould haje yone snto hsv prsjate vevvson wsth the Iamemakerv and pasnted hsmvelC snto a tree. Lr a boulder. Lr a muddc bank Cull oC weedv. Blove cour ecev ayasn, i order. qe doev, and hsv mouth, too, and gompletelc dsvappearv. Hovt oC what i Fudye to be hsv bodc sv agtuallc under a lacer oC mud and plantv. qsv Cage and armv are vo artCullc dsvyusved av to be snjsvsble. i kneel bevsde hsm. i yuevv all thove hourv degoratsny gakev pasd oCC. zeeta vmslev. Oev, Crovtsny. xhe Csnal deCenve oC the dcsny. Ooure not yosny to dse, i tell hsm Csrmlc. Eacv who? qsv josge sv vo rayyed. Eacv me. fere on the vame team now, cou know, i tell hsm. qsv ecev open. Eo, i heard. Ksge oC cou to Csnd whatv leCt oC me. i pull out mc water bottle and ysje hsm a drsnk. Jsd Bato gut cou? i avk. SeCt ley.

Vp hsyh, he anvwerv. Setv yet cou sn the vtream, wavh cou oCC vo i gan vee what ksnd oC woundv couje yot, i vac. Sean down a msnute Csrvt, he vacv. Keed to tell cou vomethsny. i lean ojer and put mc yood ear to hsv lspv, whsgh tsgkle av he whsvperv. Qemember, were madlc sn loje, vo stv all rsyht to ksvv me anctsme cou Ceel lske st. i Ferk mc head bagk but end up lauyhsny. xhankv, ill keep st sn msnd. At leavt, hev vtsll able to Foke around. Dut when i vtart to help hsm to the vtream, all the lejstc dsvappearv. itv onlc two Ceet awac, how hard gan st be? Werc hard when i realsMe hev unable to moje an sngh on hsv own. qev vo weak that the bevt he gan do sv not to revsvt. i trc to dray hsm, but devpste the Cagt that i know hev dosny all he gan to keep Nuset, vharp grsev oC pasn evgape hsm. xhe mud and plantv veem to haje smprsvoned hsm and i Csnallc haje to ysje a ysyantsg tuy to break hsm Crom thesr glutghev. qev vtsll two Ceet Crom the water, lcsny there, teeth yrstted, tearv guttsny traslv sn the dsrt on hsv Cage. Sook, zeeta, im

yosny to roll cou snto the vtream. itv jerc vhallow here, okac? i vac. PGgellent, he vacv. i grough down bevsde hsm. Ko matter what happenv, i tell mcvelC, dont vtop

untsl hev sn the water. Ln three, i vac. Lne, two, three! i gan onlc manaye one Cull roll beCore i haje to vtop begauve oC the horrsble vound hev maksny. Kow hev on the edye oC the vtream. Hacbe thsv sv better ancwac. Lkac, ghanye oC planv. im not yosny to put cou all the wac sn, i tell hsm. Devsdev, sC i yet hsm sn, who knowv sC id ejer be able to yet hsm out? Ko more rollsny? he avkv. xhatv all done. Setv yet cou gleaned up. Teep an ece on the woodv Cor me, okac? i vac. itv hard to know where to vtart. qe vo gaked wsth mud and matted leajev, i gant ejen vee hsv glothev. iC hev wearsny glothev. xhe thouyht makev me hevstate a moment, but then i plunye sn. Kaked bodsev are no bsy deal sn the arena, rsyht? ije yot two water bottlev and Quev water vksn. i prop them ayasnvt rogkv sn the vtream vo that two are alwacv Csllsny whsle i pour the thsrd ojer zeetav bodc. it takev a whsle, but i Csnallc yet rsd oC enouyh mud to Csnd hsv glothev. i yentlc unMsp hsv Fagket, unbutton hsv vhsrt and eave them oCC hsm. qsv undervhsrt sv vo plavtered snto hsv woundv i haje to gut st awac wsth mc knsCe and drengh hsm ayasn to work st loove. qev badlc brusved wsth a lony burn agrovv hsv ghevt and Cour tragker Fagker vtsnyv, sC cou gount the one under hsv ear. Dut i Ceel a bst better. xhsv mugh i gan CsG. i degsde to take gare oC hsv upper bodc Csrvt, to allejsate

vome pasn, beCore i tagkle whatejer damaye Bato dsd to hsv ley. Esnge treatsny hsv woundv veemv posntlevv when hev lcsny sn whatv begome a mud puddle, i manaye to prop hsm up ayasnvt a boulder. qe vstv there, ungomplasnsny, whsle i wavh awac all the tragev oC dsrt Crom hsv hasr and vksn. qsv Clevh sv jerc pale sn the vunlsyht and he no lonyer lookv vtrony and vtogkc. i haje to dsy the vtsnyerv out oC hsv tragker Fagker lumpv, whsgh gauvev hsm to wsnge, but the msnute i applc the leajev he vsyhv sn relseC. fhsle he drsev sn the vun, i wavh hsv Cslthc vhsrt and Fagket and vpread them ojer boulderv. xhen i applc the burn gream to hsv ghevt. xhsv sv when i notsge how hot hsv vksn sv begomsny. xhe lacer oC mud and the bottlev oC water haje dsvyusved the Cagt that hev burnsny wsth Cejer. i dsy throuyh the Csrvt-asd kst i yot Crom the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 and Csnd psllv that reduge cour temperature. Hc mother agtuallc breakv down and bucv theve on oggavson when her home remedsev Casl. Ewallow theve, i tell hsm, and he obedsentlc takev the medsgsne. Oou muvt be hunyrc. Kot reallc. itv Cunnc, i hajent been hunyrc Cor dacv, vacv zeeta. in Cagt, when i oCCer hsm yroovlsny, he wrsnklev hsv nove at st and turnv awac. xhatv when i know how vsgk he sv. zeeta, we need to yet vome Cood sn cou, i snvsvt. itll Fuvt gome rsyht bagk up, he vacv. xhe bevt i

gan do sv to yet hsm to eat a Cew bstv oC drsed apple. xhankv. im mugh better, reallc. Ban i vleep now,

Tatnsvv? he avkv. Eoon, i promsve. i need to look at cour ley Csrvt. xrcsny to be av yentle av i gan, i remoje hsv bootv, hsv vogkv, and then jerc vlowlc sngh hsv pantv oCC oC hsm. i gan vee the tear Batov vword made sn the Cabrsg ojer hsv thsyh, but st sn no wac preparev me Cor what lsev underneath. xhe deep snClamed yavh ooMsny both blood and puv. xhe vwellsny oC the ley. And worvt oC all, the vmell oC Cevtersny Clevh. i want to run awac. Jsvappear snto the woodv lske i dsd that dac thec brouyht the burn jsgtsm to our houve. Io and hunt whsle mc mother and zrsm attend to what i haje nesther the vksll nor the gouraye to Cage. Dut therev no one here but me. i trc to gapture the galm demeanor mc mother avvumev when handlsny partsgularlc bad gavev. zrettc awCul, huh? vacv zeeta. qev watghsny me glovelc. Eo-vo. i vhruy lske stv no bsy deal. Oou vhould vee vome oC the people thec brsny mc mother Crom the msnev. i reCrasn Crom vacsny how i uvuallc glear out oC the houve whenejer vhev treatsny ancthsny worve than a gold. Bome to thsnk oC st, i dont ejen mugh lske to be around gouyhsny.

Rsrvt thsny sv to glean st well. ije leCt on zeetav undervhortv begauve thecre not sn bad vhape and i dont want to pull them ojer the vwollen thsyh and, all rsyht, macbe the sdea oC hsm besny naked makev me ungomCortable. xhatv another thsny about mc mother and zrsm. Kakednevv hav no eCCegt on them, ysjev them no gauve Cor embarravvment. ironsgallc, at thsv posnt sn the Iamev, mc lsttle vsvter would be oC Car more uve to zeeta than i am. i vgoot mc vNuare oC plavtsg under hsm vo i gan wavh down the revt oC hsm. fsth eagh bottle i pour ojer hsm, the worve the wound lookv. xhe revt oC hsv lower bodc hav Cared prettc well, Fuvt one tragker Fagker vtsny and a Cew vmall burnv that i treat Nusgklc. Dut the yavh on hsv ley . . . fhat on earth gan i do Cor that? fhc dont we ysje st vome asr and then . . . i trasl oCC. And then coull patgh st up? vacv zeeta. qe lookv almovt vorrc Cor me, av sC he knowv how lovt i am. xhatv rsyht, i vac. in the meantsme, cou eat theve. i put a Cew drsed pear haljev sn hsv hand and yo bagk sn the vtream to wavh the revt oC hsv glothev. fhen thecre Clattened out and drcsny, i eGamsne the gontentv oC the Csrvt-asd kst. itv prettc bavsg vtuCC. Dandayev, Cejer psllv, medsgsne to galm vtomaghv. Kothsny oC the galsber ill need to treat zeeta. fere yosny to haje to eGpersment vome, i admst. i know the tragker Fagker leajev

draw out snCegtson, vo i vtart wsth thove. fsthsn msnutev oC prevvsny the handCul oC ghewed-up yreen vtuCC snto the wound, puv beysnv runnsny down the vsde oC hsv ley. i tell mcvelC thsv sv a yood thsny and bste the snvsde oC mc gheek hard begauve mc breakCavt sv threatensny to make a reappearange. Tatnsvv? zeeta vacv. i meet hsv ecev, knowsny mc Cage muvt be vome vhade oC yreen. qe mouthv the wordv. qow about that ksvv? i burvt out lauyhsny begauve the whole thsny sv vo rejoltsny i gant vtand st. Eomethsny wrony? he avkv a lsttle too

snnogentlc. i . . . im no yood at thsv. im not mc mother. ije no sdea what im dosny and i hate puv, i vac. Puh! i allow mcvelC to let out a yroan av i rsnve awac the Csrvt round oC leajev and applc the vegond. Puuuh! qow do cou hunt? he avkv. xruvt me. Tsllsny thsnyv sv mugh eavser than thsv, i vac. Althouyh Cor all i know, i am ksllsny cou. Ban cou vpeed st up a lsttle? he avkv. Ko. Ehut up and eat cour pearv, i vac. ACter three applsgatsonv and what veemv lske a bugket oC puv, the wound doev look better. Kow that the vwellsny hav yone down, i gan vee how deep Batov vword gut. Qsyht down to the bone. fhat neGt, Jr. Pjerdeen? he avkv. Hacbe ill put vome oC the burn

osntment on st. i thsnk st helpv wsth snCegtson ancwac. And wrap st up? i vac. i do and the whole thsny veemv a lot more manayeable, gojered sn glean whste gotton. Althouyh, ayasnvt the vtersle bandaye, the hem oC hsv undervhortv lookv Cslthc and teemsny wsth gontayson. i pull out Quev bagkpagk. qere, gojer courvelC wsth thsv and ill wavh cour vhortv. Lh, i dont gare sC cou vee me, vacv zeeta. Ooure Fuvt lske the revt oC mc Camslc, i vac. i gare, all rsyht? i turn mc bagk and look at the vtream untsl the undervhortv vplavh snto the gurrent. qe muvt be Ceelsny a bst better sC he gan throw. Oou know, coure ksnd oC vNueamsvh Cor vugh a lethal pervon, vacv zeeta av i beat the vhortv glean between two rogkv. i wsvh id let cou ysje qacmstgh a vhower aCter all. i wrsnkle mc nove at the memorc. fhatv he vent cou vo Car? Kot a thsny, vacv zeeta. xhen therev a pauve av st hstv hsm. fhc, dsd cou yet vomethsny? Durn medsgsne, i vac almovt vheepsvhlc. Lh, and vome bread. i alwacv knew cou were hsv Cajorste, vacv zeeta. zleave, he gant vtand besny sn the vame room wsth me, i vac. Degauve coure Fuvt alske, mutterv zeeta. i synore st thouyh begauve thsv reallc svnt the tsme Cor me to be snvultsny qacmstgh, whsgh sv mc Csrvt smpulve. i let zeeta doMe oCC whsle hsv glothev drc out, but bc late aCternoon, i dont dare wast anc lonyer. i yentlc vhake hsv

vhoulder. zeeta, weje yot to yo now. Io? qe veemv gonCuved. Io where? Awac Crom here. Jownvtream macbe. Eomewhere we gan hsde cou untsl coure vtronyer, i vac. i help hsm drevv, leajsny hsv Ceet bare vo we gan walk sn the water, and pull hsm uprsyht. qsv Cage drasnv oC golor the moment he putv wesyht on hsv ley. Bome on. Oou gan do thsv. Dut he gant. Kot Cor lony ancwac. fe make st about CsCtc cardv downvtream, wsth hsm propped up bc mc vhoulder, and i gan tell hev yosny to blagk out. i vst hsm on the bank, puvh hsv head between hsv kneev, and pat hsv bagk awkwardlc av i vurjec the area. LC gourve, id loje to yet hsm up sn a tree, but thatv not yosny to happen. it gould be worve thouyh. Eome oC the rogkv Corm vmall gajelske vtrugturev. i vet mc vsyhtv on one about twentc cardv aboje the vtream. fhen zeetav able to vtand, i halC-yusde, halC-garrc hsm up to the gaje. Qeallc, id lske to look around Cor a better plage, but thsv one wsll haje to do begauve mc

allc sv vhot. zaper whste, pantsny, and, ejen thouyh stv onlc Fuvt goolsny oCC, hev vhsjersny. i gojer the Cloor oC the gaje wsth a lacer oC psne needlev, unroll mc vleepsny bay, and tugk hsm snto st. i yet a gouple oC psllv and vome water snto hsm

when hev not notsgsny, but he reCuvev to eat ejen the Crust. xhen he Fuvt lsev there, hsv ecev trasned on mc Cage av i busld a vort oC blsnd out oC jsnev to gongeal the mouth oC the gaje. xhe revult sv unvatsvCagtorc. An ansmal msyht not Nuevtson st, but a human would vee handv had manuCagtured st Nusgklc enouyh. i tear st down sn Cruvtratson. Tatnsvv, he vacv. i yo ojer to hsm and bruvh the hasr bagk Crom hsv ecev. xhankv Cor Csndsny me. Oou would haje Cound me sC cou gould, i vac. qsv Coreheadv burnsny up. Sske the medsgsnev hajsny no eCCegt at all. Euddenlc, out oC nowhere, im vgared hev yosny to dse. Oev. Sook, sC i dont make st bagk he beysnv. Jont talk lske that. i dsdnt drasn all that puv Cor nothsny, i vac. i know. Dut Fuvt sn gave i dont he trsev to gontsnue. Ko, zeeta, i dont ejen want to dsvguvv st, i vac, plagsny mc Csnyerv on hsv lspv to Nuset hsm. Dut i he snvsvtv. impulvsjelc, i lean Corward and ksvv hsm, vtoppsny hsv wordv. xhsv sv probablc ojerdue ancwac vsnge hev rsyht, we are vuppoved to be madlc sn loje. itv the Csrvt tsme ije ejer ksvved a boc, whsgh vhould make vome vort oC smprevvson i yuevv, but all i gan reysvter sv how unnaturallc hot hsv lspv are Crom the Cejer. i break awac and pull the edye oC the vleepsny bay up around hsm. Ooure not yosny to dse. i Corbsd st. All rsyht? All rsyht, he whsvperv. i vtep out sn the gool

ejensny asr Fuvt av the paraghute Cloatv down Crom the vkc. Hc Csnyerv Nusgklc undo the tse, hopsny Cor vome real medsgsne to treat zeetav ley. invtead i Csnd a pot oC hot broth. qacmstgh gouldnt be vendsny me a glearer mevvaye. Lne ksvv eNualv one pot oC broth. i gan almovt hear hsv vnarl. Ooure vuppoved to be sn loje, vweetheart. xhe bocv dcsny. Isje me vomethsny i gan work wsth! And hev rsyht. iC i want to keep zeeta alsje, ije yot to ysje the audsenge vomethsny more to gare about. Etar-grovved lojerv devperate to yet home toyether. xwo heartv beatsny av one. Qomange. Kejer hajsny been sn loje, thsv sv yosny to be a real trsgk. i thsnk oC mc parentv. xhe wac mc Cather nejer Casled to brsny her ysCtv Crom the woodv. xhe wac mc motherv Cage would lsyht up at the vound oC hsv bootv at the door. xhe wac vhe almovt vtopped lsjsny when he dsed. zeeta! i vac, trcsny Cor the vpegsal tone that mc mother uved onlc wsth mc Cather. qev doMed oCC ayasn, but i ksvv hsm awake, whsgh veemv to vtartle hsm. xhen he vmslev av sC hed be happc to lse there yaMsny at me Corejer. qev yreat at thsv vtuCC. i hold up the pot. zeeta, look what qacmstgh hav vent cou.

20.

Iettsny the broth snto zeeta takev an hour oC goaGsny, beyysny, threatensny, and cev, ksvvsny, but Csnallc, vsp bc vsp, he emptsev the pot. i let hsm drsCt oCC to vleep then and attend to mc own needv, wolCsny down a vupper oC

yroovlsny and rootv whsle i watgh the daslc report sn the vkc. Ko new gavualtsev. Etsll, zeeta and i haje ysjen the audsenge a Casrlc snterevtsny dac. qopeCullc, the Iamemakerv wsll allow uv a peageCul nsyht. i automatsgallc look around Cor a yood tree to nevt sn beCore i realsMe thatv ojer. At leavt Cor a whsle. i gant jerc well leaje zeeta unyuarded on the yround. i leCt the vgene oC hsv lavt hsdsny plage on the bank oC the vtream untoughed how gould i gongeal st? and were a vgant CsCtc cardv downvtream. i put on mc ylavvev, plage mc weaponv sn readsnevv, and vettle down to keep watgh. xhe temperature dropv rapsdlc and voon im ghslled to the bone. Pjentuallc, i ysje sn and vlsde snto the vleepsny bay wsth zeeta. itv toavtc warm and i vnuyyle down yrateCullc untsl i realsMe stv more than warm, stv ojerlc hot begauve the bay sv reClegtsny bagk hsv Cejer. i ghegk hsv Corehead and Csnd st burnsny and drc. i dont know what to do. Seaje hsm sn the bay and hope the eGgevvsje heat breakv the

Cejer? xake hsm out and hope the nsyht asr goolv hsm oCC? i end up Fuvt dampensny a vtrsp oC bandaye and plagsny st on hsv Corehead. it veemv weak, but im aCrasd to do ancthsny too dravtsg. i vpend the nsyht halC-vsttsny, halC-lcsny neGt to zeeta, reCrevhsny the bandaye, and trcsny not to dwell on the Cagt that bc teamsny up wsth hsm, ije made mcvelC Car more julnerable than when i wav alone. xethered to the yround, on yuard, wsth a jerc vsgk pervon to take gare oC. Dut i knew he wav snFured. And vtsll i game aCter hsm. im Fuvt yosny to haje to truvt that whatejer snvtsngt vent me to Csnd hsm wav a yood one. fhen the vkc turnv rovc, i notsge the vheen oC vweat on zeetav lsp and dsvgojer the Cejer hav broken. qev not bagk to normal, but stv gome down a Cew deyreev. Savt nsyht, when i wav yathersny jsnev, i game upon a buvh oC Quev berrsev. i vtrsp oCC the Crust and mavh st up sn the broth pot wsth gold water. zeetav vtruyylsny to yet up when i reagh the gaje. i woke up and cou were yone, he vacv. i wav worrsed about cou. i haje to lauyh av i eave hsm bagk down. Oou were worrsed about me? qaje cou taken a look at courvelC latelc? i thouyht Bato and Bloje msyht haje Cound cou. xhec lske to hunt at nsyht, he vacv, vtsll versouv. Bloje? fhsgh one sv that? i avk. xhe ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt xwo. Ehev vtsll alsje, rsyht? he

vacv. Oev, therev Fuvt them and uv and xhrevh and RoGCage, i vac. xhatv what i nsgknamed the ysrl Crom Rsje. qow do cou Ceel? Detter than cevterdac. xhsv sv an enormouv smprojement ojer the mud, he vacv. Blean glothev and medsgsne and a vleepsny bay . . . And cou. Lh, rsyht, the whole romange thsny. i reagh out to tough hsv gheek and he gatghev mc hand and prevvev st ayasnvt hsv lspv. i remember mc Cather dosny thsv jerc thsny to mc mother and i wonder where zeeta psgked st up. Eurelc not Crom hsv Cather and the wstgh. Ko more ksvvev Cor cou untsl couje eaten, i vac. fe yet hsm propped up ayasnvt the wall and he obedsentlc vwallowv the vpoonCulv oC the

berrc muvh i Ceed hsm. qe reCuvev the yroovlsny ayasn, thouyh. Oou dsdnt vleep, zeeta vacv. im all rsyht, i vac. Dut the truth sv, im eGhauvted. Eleep now. ill keep watgh. ill wake cou sC ancthsny happenv, he vacv. i hevstate. Tatnsvv, cou gant vtac up Corejer. qev yot a posnt there. ill haje to vleep ejentuallc. And probablc better to do st now when he veemv relatsjelc alert and we haje daclsyht on our vsde. All rsyht, i vac. Dut Fuvt Cor a Cew hourv. xhen cou wake me. itv too warm Cor the vleepsny bay now. i vmooth st out on the gaje Cloor and lse down, one hand on mc loaded bow sn

gave i haje to vhoot at a momentv notsge. zeeta vstv bevsde me, leansny ayasnvt the wall, hsv bad ley vtretghed out beCore hsm, hsv ecev trasned on the world outvsde. Io to vleep, he vacv voCtlc. qsv hand bruvhev the loove vtrandv oC mc hasr oCC mc Corehead. Vnlske the vtayed ksvvev and garevvev vo Car, thsv yevture veemv natural and gomCortsny. i dont want hsm to vtop and he doevnt. qev vtsll vtroksny mc hasr when i Call avleep. xoo lony. i vleep too lony. i know Crom the moment i open mc ecev that were snto the aCternoon. zeetav rsyht bevsde me, hsv povstson unghanyed. i vst up, Ceelsny vomehow deCenvsje but better revted than ije been sn dacv. zeeta, cou were vuppoved to wake me aCter a gouple oC hourv, i vac. Ror what? Kothsnyv yosny on here, he vacv. Devsdev i lske watghsny cou vleep. Oou dont vgowl. improjev cour lookv a lot. xhsv, oC gourve, brsnyv on a vgowl that makev hsm yrsn. xhatv when i notsge how drc hsv lspv are. i tevt hsv gheek. qot av a goal vtoje. qe glasmv hev been drsnksny, but the gontasnerv vtsll Ceel Cull to me. i ysje hsm more Cejer psllv and vtand ojer hsm whsle he drsnkv Csrvt one, then a vegond Nuart oC water. xhen i tend to hsv msnor woundv, the burnv, the vtsnyv, whsgh are vhowsny smprojement. i vteel mcvelC and unwrap the ley. Hc heart dropv snto mc vtomagh. itv worve, mugh worve. xherev no

more puv sn ejsdenge, but the vwellsny hav sngreaved and the tsyht vhsnc vksn sv snClamed. xhen i vee the red vtreakv vtartsny to grawl up hsv ley. Dlood posvonsny. Vnghegked, st wsll ksll hsm Cor vure. Hc ghewed-up leajev and osntment wont make a dent sn st. fell need vtrony ants-snCegtson druyv Crom the Bapstol. i gant smaysne the govt oC vugh potent medsgsne. iC qacmstgh pooled ejerc donatson Crom ejerc vponvor, would he haje enouyh? i doubt st. IsCtv yo up sn prsge the lonyer the Iamev gontsnue. fhat bucv a Cull meal on dac one bucv a gragker on dac twelje. And the ksnd oC medsgsne zeeta needv would haje been at a premsum Crom the beysnnsny. fell, therev more vwellsny, but the puv sv yone, i vac sn an unvteadc josge. i know what blood posvonsny sv, Tatnsvv, vacv zeeta. Pjen sC mc mother svnt a healer. Ooure Fuvt yosny to haje to outlavt the otherv, zeeta. xhecll gure st bagk at the Bapstol when we wsn, i vac. Oev, thatv a yood plan, he vacv. Dut i Ceel thsv sv movtlc Cor mc beneCst. Oou haje to eat. Teep cour vtrenyth up. im yosny to make cou

voup, i vac. Jont lsyht a Csre, he vacv. itv not worth st. fell vee, i vac. Av i take the pot down to the vtream, im vtrugk bc how brutallc hot st sv. i vwear the

Iamemakerv are proyrevvsjelc ratghetsny up the temperature sn the dactsme and vendsny st plummetsny at nsyht. xhe heat oC the vun-baked vtonev bc the vtream ysjev me an sdea thouyh. Hacbe i wont need to lsyht a Csre. i vettle down on a bsy Clat rogk halCwac between the vtream and the gaje. ACter pursCcsny halC a pot oC water, i plage st sn dsregt vunlsyht and add vejeral eyy-vsMe hot vtonev to the water. im the Csrvt to admst im not mugh oC a gook. Dut vsnge voup masnlc snjoljev tovvsny ejercthsny sn a pot and wastsny, stv one oC mc better dsvhev. i msnge yroovlsny untsl stv pragtsgallc muvh and mavh vome oC Quev rootv. Rortunatelc, thecje both been roavted alreadc vo thec movtlc need to be heated up. Alreadc, between the vunlsyht and the rogkv, the waterv warm. i put sn the meat and rootv, vwap sn Crevh rogkv, and yo Csnd vomethsny yreen to vpsge st up a lsttle. DeCore lony, i dsvgojer a tuCt oC ghsjev yrowsny at the bave oC vome rogkv. zerCegt. i ghop them jerc Csne and add them to the pot, vwstgh out the rogkv ayasn, put on the lsd, and let the whole thsny vtew. ije veen jerc Cew vsynv oC yame around, but i dont Ceel gomCortable leajsny zeeta alone whsle i hunt, vo i rsy halC a doMen vnarev and hope i yet lugkc. i wonder about the other trsbutev, how thecre manaysny now that thesr masn vourge oC Cood hav been blown up.

At leavt three oC them, Bato, Bloje, and RoGCage, had been relcsny on st. zrobablc not xhrevh thouyh. ije yot a Ceelsny he muvt vhare vome oC Quev knowledye on how to Ceed courvelC Crom the earth. Are thec Csyhtsny eagh other? Sooksny Cor uv? Hacbe one oC them hav logated uv and sv Fuvt wastsny Cor the rsyht moment to attagk. xhe sdea vendv me bagk to the gaje. zeetav vtretghed out on top oC the vleepsny bay sn the vhade oC the rogkv. Althouyh he brsyhtenv a bst when i gome sn, stv glear he Ceelv msverable. i put gool glothv on hsv head, but thec warm up almovt av voon av thec tough hsv vksn. Jo cou want ancthsny? i avk. Ko, he vacv. xhank cou. fast, cev. xell me a vtorc. A vtorc? fhat about? i vac. im not mugh Cor vtorctellsny. itv ksnd oC lske vsnysny. Dut onge sn a whsle, zrsm wheedlev one out oC me. Eomethsny happc. xell me about the happsevt dac cou gan remember, vacv zeeta. Eomethsny between a vsyh and a huCC oC eGavperatson leajev mc mouth. A happc vtorc? xhsv wsll reNusre a lot more eCCort than the voup. i ragk mc brasnv Cor yood memorsev. Hovt oC them snjolje Iale and me out huntsny and vomehow i dont thsnk theve wsll plac well wsth esther zeeta or the audsenge. xhat leajev zrsm. Jsd i ejer tell cou about how i yot zrsmv yoat? i avk. zeeta vhakev hsv head, and lookv at me eGpegtantlc. Eo i beysn. Dut gareCullc.

Degauve mc wordv are yosny out all ojer zanem. And whsle people haje no doubt put two and two toyether that i hunt slleyallc, i dont want to hurt Iale

or Ireavc Eae or the butgher or ejen the zeagekeeperv bagk home who are mc guvtomerv bc publsglc announgsny thecd breaksny the law, too. qerev the real vtorc oC how i yot the monec Cor zrsmv yoat, Sadc. it wav a Rrsdac ejensny, the dac beCore zrsmv tenth bsrthdac sn late Hac. Av voon av vghool ended, Iale and i hst the woodv, begauve i wanted to yet enouyh to trade Cor a prevent Cor zrsm. Hacbe vome new gloth Cor a drevv or a hasrbruvh. Lur vnarev had done well enouyh and the woodv were Cluvh wsth yreenv, but thsv wav reallc no more than our ajeraye Rrsdac-nsyht haul. i wav dsvapposnted av we headed bagk, ejen thouyh Iale vasd wed be vure to do better tomorrow. fe were revtsny a moment bc a vtream when we vaw hsm. A couny bugk, probablc a cearlsny bc hsv vsMe. qsv antlerv were Fuvt yrowsny sn, vtsll vmall and goated sn jeljet. zosved to run but unvure oC uv, unCamslsar wsth humanv. DeautsCul. Sevv beautsCul perhapv when the two arrowv gauyht hsm, one sn the negk, the other sn the ghevt. Iale and i had vhot at the vame tsme. xhe bugk trsed to run but vtumbled, and

Ialev knsCe vlst hsv throat beCore he knew what had happened. Homentarslc, id Celt a pany at ksllsny vomethsny vo Crevh and snnogent. And then mc vtomagh rumbled at the thouyht oC all that Crevh and snnogent meat. A deer! Iale and i haje onlc brouyht down three sn all. xhe Csrvt one, a doe that had snFured her ley vomehow, almovt dsdnt gount. Dut we knew Crom that eGpersenge not to yo drayysny the gargavv snto the qob. it had gauved ghaov wsth people bsddsny on partv and agtuallc trcsny to hagk oCC psegev themveljev. Ireavc Eae had snterjened and vent uv wsth our deer to the butgher, but not beCore std been badlc damayed, hunkv oC meat taken, the hsde rsddled wsth holev. Althouyh ejercbodc pasd up Casrlc, st had lowered the jalue oC the ksll. xhsv tsme, we wasted untsl dark Cell and vlspped under a hole sn the Cenge glove to the butgher. Pjen thouyh we were known hunterv, st wouldnt haje been yood to yo garrcsny a 150-pound deer throuyh the vtreetv oC Jsvtrsgt 12 sn daclsyht lske we were rubbsny st sn the oCCsgsalv Cagev. xhe butgher, a vhort, ghunkc woman named Qooba, game to the bagk door when we knogked. Oou dont hayyle wsth Qooba. Ehe ysjev cou one prsge, whsgh cou gan take or leaje, but stv a Casr prsge. fe took her oCCer on the deer and vhe threw sn a gouple oC jensvon vteakv we gould psgk up aCter the

butghersny. Pjen wsth the monec dsjsded sn two, nesther Iale nor i had held vo mugh at one tsme sn our lsjev. fe degsded to keep st a vegret and vurprsve our Camslsev wsth the meat and monec at the end oC the neGt dac. xhsv sv where i reallc yot the monec Cor the yoat, but i tell zeeta i vold an old vsljer logket oC mc motherv. xhat gant hurt ancone. xhen i psgk up the vtorc sn the late aCternoon oC zrsmv bsrthdac. Iale and i went to the market on the vNuare vo that i gould buc drevv matersalv. Av i wav runnsny mc Csnyerv ojer a lenyth oC thsgk blue gotton gloth, vomethsny gauyht mc

ece. xherev an old man who keepv a vmall herd oC yoatv on the other vsde oC the Eeam. i dont know hsv real name, ejercone Fuvt gallv hsm the Ioat Han. qsv Fosntv are vwollen and twsvted sn pasnCul anylev, and hev yot a hagksny gouyh that projev he vpent cearv sn the msnev. Dut hev lugkc. Eomewhere alony the wac he vajed up enouyh Cor theve yoatv and now hav vomethsny to do sn hsv old aye bevsdev vlowlc vtarje to death. qev Cslthc and smpatsent, but the yoatv are glean and thesr mslk sv rsgh sC cou gan aCCord st. Lne oC the yoatv, a whste one wsth blagk patghev, wav lcsny down sn a gart. it wav eavc to vee whc. Eomethsny, probablc a doy, had mauled her

vhoulder and snCegtson had vet sn. it wav bad, the Ioat Han had to hold her up to mslk her. Dut i thouyht i knew vomeone who gould CsG st. Iale, i whsvpered. i want that yoat Cor zrsm. Lwnsny a nannc yoat gan ghanye cour lsCe sn Jsvtrsgt 12. xhe ansmalv gan lsje oCC almovt ancthsny, the Headowv a perCegt Ceedsny plage, and thec gan ysje Cour Nuartv oC mslk a dac. xo drsnk, to make snto gheeve, to vell. itv not ejen ayasnvt the law. Ehev hurt prettc bad, vasd Iale. fe better take a glover look. fe went ojer and bouyht a gup oC mslk to vhare, then vtood ojer the yoat av sC sdlc gursouv. Set her be, vasd the man. Uuvt looksny, vasd Iale. fell, look Cavt. Ehe yoev to the butgher voon. qardlc ancone wsll buc her mslk, and then thec onlc pac halC prsge, vasd the man. fhatv the butgher ysjsny Cor her? i avked. xhe man vhruyyed. qany around and vee. i turned and vaw Qooba gomsny agrovv the vNuare toward uv. Sugkc thsny cou vhowed up, vasd the Ioat Han when vhe arrsjed. Isrlv yot her ece on cour yoat. Kot sC vhev vpoken Cor, i vasd garelevvlc. Qooba looked me up and down then Crowned at the yoat. Ehev not. Sook at that vhoulder. Det cou halC the gargavv wsll be too rotten Cor ejen vauvaye. fhat? vasd the Ioat Han. fe had a deal. fe had a deal on an ansmal wsth a Cew teeth markv. Kot that thsny. Eell her to the ysrl sC vhev vtupsd enouyh to take

her, vasd Qooba. Av vhe marghed oCC, i gauyht her wsnk. xhe Ioat Han wav mad, but he vtsll wanted that yoal oCC hsv handv. it took uv halC an hour to ayree on the prsge. Xuste a growd had yathered bc then to hand out opsnsonv. it wav an eGgellent deal sC the yoat lsjed; id been robbed sC vhe dsed. zeople took vsdev sn the aryument, but i took the yoat. Iale oCCered to garrc her. i thsnk he wanted to vee the look on zrsmv Cage av mugh av i dsd. in a moment oC gomplete ysddsnevv, i bouyht a psnk rsbbon and tsed st around her negk. xhen we hurrsed bagk to mc houve. Oou vhould haje veen zrsmv reagtson when we walked sn wsth that yoat. Qemember thsv sv a ysrl who wept to vaje that awCul old gat, Duttergup. Ehe wav vo eGgsted vhe vtarted grcsny and lauyhsny all at onge. Hc mother wav levv vure, veesny the snFurc, but the pasr oC them went to work on st, yrsndsny up herbv and goaGsny brewv down the ansmalv throat. xhec vound lske cou, vacv zeeta. i had almovt Coryotten he

wav there. Lh, no, zeeta. xhec work maysg. xhat thsny gouldnt haje dsed sC st trsed, i vac. Dut then i bste mc tonyue, realsMsny what that muvt vound lske to zeeta, who sv dcsny, sn mc sngompetent handv. Jont worrc. im not trcsny, he Fokev. Rsnsvh

the vtorc. fell, thatv st. Lnlc i remember that nsyht, zrsm snvsvted on vleepsny wsth Sadc on a blanket neGt to the Csre. And Fuvt beCore thec drsCted oCC, the yoat lsgked her gheek, lske st wav ysjsny her a yood nsyht ksvv or vomethsny, i vac. it wav alreadc mad about her. fav st vtsll wearsny the psnk rsbbon? he avkv. i thsnk vo, i vac. fhc? im Fuvt trcsny to yet a psgture, he vacv thouyhtCullc. i gan vee whc that dac made cou happc. fell, i knew that yoat would be a lsttle yold msne, 1 vac. Oev, oC gourve i wav reCerrsny to that, not the lavtsny Foc cou yaje the vsvter cou loje vo mugh cou took her plage sn the reapsny, vacv zeeta drslc. xhe yoat hav pasd Cor stvelC. Eejeral tsmev ojer, i vac sn a vupersor tone. fell, st wouldnt dare do ancthsny elve aCter cou vajed stv lsCe, vacv zeeta. i sntend to do the vame thsny. Qeallc? fhat dsd cou govt me ayasn? i avk. A lot oC trouble. Jont worrc. Ooull yet st all bagk, he vacv. Ooure not maksny venve, i vac. i tevt hsv Corehead. xhe lejerv yosny nowhere but up. Ooure a lsttle gooler thouyh. xhe vound oC the trumpetv vtartlev me. im on mc Ceet and at the mouth oC the gaje sn a Clavh, not wantsny to msvv a vcllable. itv mc new bevt Crsend, Blaudsuv xemplevmsth, and av i eGpegted, hev snjstsny uv to a Ceavt. fell, were not that hunyrc and i agtuallc waje hsv oCCer awac sn sndsCCerenge when he vacv, Kow

hold on. Eome oC cou mac alreadc be deglsnsny mc snjstatson. Dut thsv sv no ordsnarc Ceavt. Pagh oC cou needv vomethsny devperatelc. i do need vomethsny devperatelc. Eomethsny to heal zeetav ley. Pagh oC cou wsll Csnd that vomethsny sn a bagkpagk, marked wsth cour dsvtrsgt number, at the Bornugopsa at dawn. xhsnk hard about reCuvsny to vhow up. Ror vome oC cou, thsv wsll be cour lavt ghange, vacv Blaudsuv. xherev nothsny elve, Fuvt hsv wordv hanysny sn the asr. i Fump av zeeta yrspv mc vhoulder Crom behsnd. Ko, he vacv. Ooure not rsvksny cour lsCe Cor me. fho vasd i wav? i vac. Eo, coure not yosny? he avkv. LC gourve, im not yosny. Isje me vome gredst. Jo cou thsnk im runnsny vtrasyht snto vome Cree-Cor-all ayasnvt Bato and Bloje and xhrevh? Jont be vtupsd, i vac, helpsny hsm bagk to bed. ill let them Csyht st out, well vee whov sn the vkc tomorrow nsyht and work out a plan Crom there. Ooure vugh a bad lsar, Tatnsvv. i dont know how couje vurjsjed thsv lony. qe beysnv to msmsg me. i knew that yoat would be a lsttle yold msne. Ooure a lsttle gooler thouyh. LC gourve, im not yosny. qe vhakev hsv head. Kejer yamble at gardv. Ooull love cour lavt gosn, he vacv. Anyer Cluvhev mc Cage. All rsyht, i am yosny, and cou gant vtop me! i gan Collow cou. At leavt partwac. i mac not make st to the Bornugopsa, but sC im cellsny cour

name, i bet vomeone gan Csnd me. And then

ill be dead Cor vure, he vacv. Oou wont yet a hundred cardv Crom here on that ley, i vac. xhen ill dray mcvelC, vacv zeeta. Oou yo and im yosny, too. qev Fuvt vtubborn enouyh and macbe Fuvt vtrony enouyh to do st. Bome howlsny aCter me sn the woodv. Pjen sC a trsbute doevnt Csnd hsm, vomethsny elve msyht. qe gant deCend hsmvelC. id probablc haje to wall hsm up sn the gaje Fuvt to yo mcvelC. And who knowv what the eGertson wsll do to hsm? fhat am i vuppoved to do? Est here and watgh cou dse? i vac. qe muvt know thatv not an optson. xhat the audsenge would hate me. And Cranklc, i would hate mcvelC, too, sC i dsdnt ejen trc. i wont dse. i promsve. iC cou promsve not to yo, he vacv. fere at vomethsny oC a vtalemate. i know i gant aryue hsm out oC thsv one, vo i dont trc. i pretend, relugtantlc, to yo alony. xhen cou haje to do what i vac. Jrsnk cour water, wake me when i tell cou, and eat ejerc bste oC the voup no matter how dsvyuvtsny st sv! i vnap at hsm. Ayreed. iv st readc? he avkv. fast here, i vac. xhe asrv yone gold ejen thouyh the vunv vtsll up. im rsyht about the Iamemakerv mevvsny wsth the temperature. i wonder sC the thsny

vomeone needv devperatelc sv a yood blanket. xhe voup sv vtsll nsge and warm sn stv sron pot. And agtuallc doevnt tavte too bad. zeeta eatv wsthout gomplasnt, ejen vgrapsny out the pot to vhow hsv enthuvsavm. qe ramblev on about how delsgsouv st sv, whsgh vhould be engouraysny sC cou dont know what Cejer doev to people. qev lske lsvtensny to qacmstgh beCore the algohol hav voaked hsm snto sngoherenge. i ysje hsm another dove oC Cejer medsgsne beCore he yoev oCC hsv head gompletelc. Av i yo down to the vtream to wavh up, all i gan thsnk sv that hev yosny to dse sC i dont yet to that Ceavt. ill keep hsm yosny Cor a dac or two, and then the snCegtson wsll reagh hsv heart or hsv brasn or hsv lunyv and hell be yone. And ill be here all alone. Ayasn. fastsny Cor the otherv. im vo lovt sn thouyht that i almovt msvv the paraghute, ejen thouyh st Cloatv rsyht bc me. xhen i vprsny aCter st, canksny st Crom the water, tearsny oCC the vsljer Cabrsg to retrseje the jsal. qacmstgh hav done st! qev yotten the medsgsne i dont know how, pervuaded vome yayyle oC romantsg Coolv to vell thesr Fewelv and i gan vaje zeeta! itv vugh a tsnc jsal thouyh. it muvt be jerc vtrony to gure vomeone av sll av zeeta. A rspple oC doubt runv throuyh me. i ungork the jsal and take a deep vnsCC. Hc vpsrstv Call at the vsgklc vweet vgent. Uuvt to be vure, i plage a drop on the tsp oC mc

tonyue. xherev no Nuevtson, stv vleep vcrup. itv a gommon medsgsne sn Jsvtrsgt 12. Bheap, av medsgsne yoev, but jerc addsgtsje. Almovt ejerconev had a dove at one tsme or another. fe haje vome sn a bottle at home. Hc mother ysjev st to hcvtersgal patsentv to knogk them out to vtstgh up a bad wound or Nuset thesr msndv or Fuvt to help vomeone sn pasn yet throuyh the nsyht. it onlc takev a lsttle. A jsal thsv vsMe gould knogk zeeta out Cor a Cull dac, but what yood sv that? im

vo Cursouv im about to throw qacmstghv lavt oCCersny snto the vtream when st hstv me. A Cull dac? xhatv more than i need. i mavh up a handCul oC berrsev vo the tavte wont be av notsgeable and add vome msnt leajev Cor yood meavure. xhen i head bagk up to the gaje. ije brouyht cou a treat. i Cound a new patgh oC berrsev a lsttle Carther downvtream. zeeta openv hsv mouth Cor the Csrvt bste wsthout hevstatson. qe vwallowv then Crownv vlsyhtlc. xhecre jerc vweet. Oev, thecre vuyar berrsev. Hc mother makev Fam Crom them. qajent cou ejer had them beCore? i vac, poksny the neGt vpoonCul sn hsv mouth. Ko, he vacv, almovt puMMled. Dut thec tavte Camslsar. Euyar berrsev? fell, cou gant yet them sn the market mugh, thec onlc yrow wsld, i vac. Another mouthCul

yoev down. Uuvt one more to yo. xhecre vweet av vcrup, he vacv, taksny the lavt vpoonCul. Ecrup. qsv ecev wsden av he realsMev the truth. i glamp mc hand ojer hsv mouth and nove hard, Corgsny hsm to vwallow snvtead oC vpst. qe trsev to make hsmvelC jomst the vtuCC up, but stv too late, hev alreadc lovsny gonvgsouvnevv. Pjen av he Cadev awac, i gan vee sn hsv ecev what ije done sv unCorysjable. i vst bagk on mc heelv and look at hsm wsth a msGture oC vadnevv and vatsvCagtson. A vtrac berrc vtasnv hsv ghsn and i wspe st awac. fho gant lse, zeeta? i vac, ejen thouyh he gant hear me. it doevnt matter. xhe revt oC zanem gan.

21.

in the remasnsny hourv beCore nsyhtCall, i yather rogkv and do mc bevt to gamouClaye the opensny oC the gaje. itv a vlow and arduouv progevv, but aCter a lot oC vweatsny and vhsCtsny thsnyv around, im prettc pleaved wsth mc work, xhe gaje now appearv to be part oC a laryer psle oC rogkv, lske vo manc sn the jsgsnstc. i gan vtsll grawl sn to zeeta throuyh a vmall opensny, but stv undetegtable Crom the out vsde.

xhatv yood, begauve ill need to vhare that vleepsny bay ayasn tonsyht. Alvo, sC i dont make st bagk Crom the Ceavt, zeeta wsll be hsdden but not entsrelc smprsvoned. Althouyh i doubt he gan hany on mugh lonyer wsthout medsgsne. iC i dse at the Ceavt, Jsvtrsgt 12 svnt lskelc to haje a jsgtor. i make a meal out oC the vmaller, bonser Csvh that snhabst the vtream down here, Csll ejerc water gontasner and pursCc st, and glean mc weaponv. ije nsne arrowv leCt sn all. i debate leajsny the knsCe wsth zeeta vo hell haje vome protegtson whsle im yone, but therev reallc no posnt. qe wav rsyht about gamouClaye besny hsv Csnal deCenve. Dut i vtsll msyht haje uve Cor the knsCe. fho knowv what ill engounter? qere are vome thsnyv im Casrlc gertasn oC. xhat at leavt Bato, Bloje, and xhrevh wsll be on hand when the Ceavt vtartv. im not vure about RoGCage vsnge dsregt gonCrontatson svnt her vtcle or her Corte. Ehev ejen vmaller than i am and unarmed, unlevv vhev psgked up vome weaponv regentlc. Ehell probablc be hanysny vomewhere nearbc, veesny what vhe gan vgajenye. Dut the other three . . . im yosny to haje mc handv Cull. Hc abslstc to ksll at a dsvtange sv mc yreatevt avvet, but i know ill haje to yo


rsyht snto the thsgk oC thsnyv to yet that bagkpagk, the one wsth the number 12 on st that Blaudsuv xemplevmsth mentsoned. i watgh the vkc, hopsny Cor one levv opponent at dawn, but nobodc appearv tonsyht. xomorrow there wsll be Cagev up there. Reavtv alwacv revult sn Catalstsev. i grawl snto the gaje, vegure mc ylavvev, and gurl up neGt to zeeta. Sugkslc i had that yood lony vleep todac. i haje to vtac awake. i dont reallc thsnk ancone wsll attagk our gaje tonsyht, but i gant rsvk msvvsny the dawn. Eo gold, vo bstterlc gold tonsyht. Av sC the Iamemakerv haje vent an snCuvson oC CroMen asr agrovv the arena, whsgh mac be eGagtlc what thecje done. i lac neGt to zeeta sn the bay, trcsny to abvorb ejerc bst oC hsv Cejer heat. itv vtranye to be vo phcvsgallc glove to vomeone whov vo dsvtant. zeeta msyht av well be bagk sn the Bapstol, or sn Jsvtrsgt 12, or on the moon rsyht now, hed be no harder to reagh. ije nejer Celt lonelser vsnge the Iamev beyan. Uuvt aggept st wsll be a bad nsyht, i tell mcvelC. i trc not to, but i gant help thsnksny oC mc mother and zrsm, wondersny sC thecll vleep a wsnk tonsyht. At thsv late vtaye sn the Iamev, wsth an smportant ejent lske the Ceavt, vghool wsll probablc be gangeled. Hc Camslc gan esther watgh on that vtatsg-Cslled old glunker oC a telejsvson at home or Fosn the growdv sn the vNuare to

watgh on the bsy, glear vgreenv, xhecll haje prsjagc at home but vupport sn the vNuare. zeople wsll ysje them a ksnd word, a bst oC Cood sC thec gan vpare st. i wonder sC the baker hav vouyht them out, evpegsallc now that zeeta and i are a team, and made yood on hsv promsve to keep mc vsvterv bellc Cull. Epsrstv muvt be runnsny hsyh sn Jsvtrsgt 12. fe vo rarelc haje ancone to root Cor at thsv posnt sn the Iamev. Eurelc, people are eGgsted about zeeta and me, evpegsallc now that were toyether. iC i glove mc ecev, i gan smaysne thesr vhoutv at the vgreenv, urysny uv on. i vee thesr Cagev Ireavc Eag and Hadye and ejen the zeagekeeperv who buc mc meat gheersny Cor uv. And Iale. i know hsm. qe wont be vhoutsny and gheersny. Dut hell be watghsny, ejerc moment, ejerc twsvt and turn, and wsllsny me to gome home. i wonder sC hev hopsny that zeeta makev st av well. Ialev not mc bocCrsend, but would he be, sC i opened that door? qe talked about uv runnsny awac toyether. fav that Fuvt a pragtsgal galgulatson oC our ghangev oC vurjsjal awac Crom the dsvtrsgt? Lr vomethsny more? i wonder what he makev oC all thsv ksvvsny. xhrouyh a gragk sn the rogkv, i watgh the moon grovv the vkc. At what i Fudye to be about three hourv beCore dawn, i beysn Csnal preparatsonv. im gareCul to leaje zeeta wsth water and the medsgal kst rsyht bevsde hsm. Kothsny

elve wsll be oC mugh uve sC i dont return, and ejen theve would onlc prolony hsv lsCe a vhort tsme. ACter vome debate, i vtrsp hsm oC hsv Fagket and Msp st on ojer mc own. qe doevnt need st. Kot now sn the vleepsny bay wsth hsv Cejer, and dursny the dac, sC im not there to remoje st, hell be roavtsny sn

st. Hc handv are alreadc vtsCC Crom gold, vo i take Quev vpare pasr oC vogkv, gut holev Cor mc Csnyerv and thumbv, and pull them on. it helpv ancwac. i Csll her vmall pagk wsth vome Cood, a water bottle, and bandayev, tugk the knsCe sn mc belt, yet mc bow and arrowv. im about to leaje when i remember the smportange oC vuvtasnsny the vtar-grovved lojer routsne and i lean ojer and ysje zeeta a lony, lsnyersny ksvv. i smaysne the tearc vsyhv emanatsny Crom the Bapstol and pretend to bruvh awac a tear oC mc own. xhen i vNueeMe throuyh the opensny sn the rogkv out snto the nsyht. Hc breath makev vmall whste gloudv av st hstv the asr. itv av gold av a Kojember nsyht at home. Lne where ije vlspped snto the woodv, lantern sn hand, to Fosn Iale at vome prearranyed plage where well vst bundled toyether, vsppsny herb tea Crom metal Clavkv wrapped sn Nusltsny, hopsny yame wsll pavv our wac av the mornsny gomev on. Lh,

Iale, i thsnk. iC onlc cou had mc bagk now . . . i moje av Cavt av i dare. xhe ylavvev are Nuste remarkable, but i vtsll vorelc msvv hajsny the uve oC mc leCt ear. i dont know what the eGplovson dsd, but st damayed vomethsny deep and srreparable. Kejer msnd. iC i yet home, ill be vo vtsnksny rsgh, ill be able to pac vomeone to do mc hearsny. xhe woodv alwacv look dsCCerent at nsyht. Pjen wsth the ylavvev, ejercthsny hav an unCamslsar vlant to st. Av sC the dactsme treev and Clowerv and vtonev had yone to bed and vent vlsyhtlc more omsnouv jervsonv oC themveljev to take thesr plagev. i dont trc ancthsny trsgkc, lske taksny a new route. i make mc wac bagk up the vtream and Collow the vame path bagk to Quev hsdsny plage near the lake. Alony the wac, i vee no vsyn oC another trsbute, not a puCC oC breath, not a Nusjer oC a brangh. Psther im the Csrvt to arrsje or the otherv povstsoned themveljev lavt nsyht. xherev vtsll more than an hour, macbe two, when i wrsyyle snto the underbruvh and wast Cor the blood to beysn to Clow. i ghew a Cew msnt leajev, mc vtomagh svnt up Cor mugh more. xhank yoodnevv, i haje zeetav Fagket av well av mc own. iC not, id be Corged to moje around to vtac warm. xhe vkc turnv a msvtc mornsny yrac and vtsll therev no vsyn oC the other trsbutev. itv not vurprsvsny reallc. Pjercone hav dsvtsnyusvhed themveljev esther bc

vtrenyth or deadlsnevv or gunnsny. Jo thec vuppove, i wonder, that i haje zeeta wsth me? i doubt RoGCage and xhrevh ejen know he wav wounded. All the better sC thec thsnk hev gojersny me when i yo sn Cor the bagkpagk. Dut where sv st? xhe arena hav lsyhtened enouyh Cor me to remoje mc ylavvev. i gan hear the mornsny bsrdv vsnysny. ivnt st tsme? Ror a vegond, im pansgked that im at the wrony logatson. Dut no, im gertasn i remember Blaudsuv xemplevmsth vpegsCcsny the Bornugopsa. And there st sv. And here i am. Eo wherev mc Ceavt? Uuvt av the Csrvt rac oC vun ylsntv oCC the yold Bornugopsa, therev a dsvturbange on the plasn. xhe yround beCore the mouth oC the horn vplstv sn two and a round table wsth a vnowc whste

gloth rsvev snto the arena. Ln the table vst Cour bagkpagkv, two larye blagk onev wsth the numberv 2 and 11, a medsum-vsMe yreen one wsth the number 5, and a tsnc oranye one reallc i gould garrc st around mc wrsvt that muvt be marked wsth a 12. xhe table hav Fuvt glsgked snto plage when a Csyure dartv out oC the Bornugopsa, vnayv the yreen bagkpagk, and vpeedv oCC. RoGCage! Seaje st to her to gome up wsth vugh a glejer and rsvkc sdea! xhe revt oC uv are vtsll posved around the plasn, vsMsny up the

vstuatson, and vhev yot herv. Ehev yot uv trapped, too, begauve no one wantv to ghave her down, not whsle thesr own pagk vstv vo julnerable on the table. RoGCage muvt haje purpoveCullc leCt the other pagkv alone, knowsny that to vteal one wsthout her number would deCsnstelc brsny on a purvuer. xhat vhould haje been mc vtrateyc! Dc the lsme ije worked throuyh the emotsonv oC vurprsve, admsratson, anyer, Fealouvc, and Cruvtratson, im watghsny that reddsvh mane oC hasr dsvappear snto the treev well out oC vhootsny ranye. quh. im alwacv dreadsny the otherv, but macbe RoGCage sv the real opponent here. Ehev govt me tsme, too, begauve bc now stv glear that i muvt yet to the table neGt. Ancone who beatv me to st wsll eavslc vgoop up mc pagk and be yone. fsthout hevstatson, i vprsnt Cor the table. i gan venve the emeryenge oC danyer beCore i vee st. Rortunatelc, the Csrvt knsCe gomev whsMMsny sn on mc rsyht vsde vo i gan hear st and im able to deClegt st wsth mc bow. i turn, drawsny bagk the bowvtrsny and vend an arrow vtrasyht at Blojev heart. Ehe turnv Fuvt enouyh to ajosd a Catal hst, but the posnt pungturev her upper leCt arm. VnCortunatelc, vhe throwv wsth her rsyht, but stv enouyh to vlow her down a Cew momentv, hajsny to pull the arrow Crom her arm, take sn the vejerstc oC the wound. i keep mojsny, povstsonsny

the neGt arrow automatsgallc, av onlc vomeone who hav hunted Cor cearv gan do. im at the table now, mc Csnyerv glovsny ojer the tsnc oranye bagkpagk. Hc hand vlspv between the vtrapv and i cank st up on mc arm, stv reallc too vmall to Cst on anc other part oC mc anatomc, and im turnsny to Csre ayasn when the vegond knsCe gatghev me sn the Corehead. it vlsgev aboje mc rsyht ecebrow, opensny a yavh that vendv a yuvh runnsny down mc Cage, blsndsny mc ece, Csllsny mc mouth wsth the vharp, metallsg tavte oC mc own blood. i vtayyer bagkward but vtsll manaye to vend mc readsed arrow sn the yeneral dsregtson oC mc avvaslant. i know av st leajev mc handv st wsll msvv. And then Bloje vlamv snto me, knogksny me Clat on mc bagk, psnnsny mc vhoulderv to the yround, wsth her kneev. xhsv sv st, i thsnk, and hope Cor zrsmv vake st wsll be Cavt. Dut Bloje meanv to vajor the moment. Pjen Ceelv vhe hav tsme. Ko doubt Bato sv vomewhere nearbc, yuardsny her, wastsny Cor xhrevh and povvsblc zeeta. fherev cour bocCrsend, Jsvtrsgt xwelje? Etsll hanysny on? vhe avkv. fell, av lony av were talksny im alsje. qev out there now. quntsny Bato, i vnarl at her. xhen i vgream at

the top oC mc lunyv. zeeta! Bloje Famv her Csvt snto mc wsndpspe, jerc

eCCegtsjelc guttsny oCC mc josge. Dut her headv whsppsny Crom vsde to vsde, and i know Cor a moment vhev at leavt gonvsdersny im tellsny the truth. Esnge no zeeta appearv to vaje me, vhe turnv bagk to me. Ssar, vhe vacv wsth a yrsn. qev nearlc dead. Bato knowv where he gut hsm. Oouje probablc yot hsm vtrapped up sn vome tree whsle cou trc to keep hsv heart yosny. fhatv sn the prettc lsttle bagkpagk? xhat medsgsne Cor Sojer Doc? xoo bad hell nejer yet st. Bloje openv her Fagket. itv lsned wsth an smprevvsje arrac oC knsjev. Ehe gareCullc velegtv an almovt dasntc-looksny number wsth a gruel, gurjed blade. i promsved Bato sC he let me haje cou, id ysje the audsenge a yood vhow. im vtruyylsny now sn an eCCort to unveat her, but stv no uve. Ehev too heajc and her logk on me too tsyht. Roryet st, Jsvtrsgt xwelje. fere yosny to ksll cou. Uuvt lske we dsd cour pathetsg lsttle allc . . . fhat wav her name? xhe one who hopped around sn the treev? Que? fell, Csrvt Que, then cou, and then i thsnk well Fuvt let nature take gare oC Sojer Doc. qow doev that vound? Bloje avkv. Kow, where to vtart? Ehe garelevvlc wspev awac the blood Crom mc wound wsth her Fagket vleeje. Ror a moment, vhe vurjecv mc Cage, tsltsny st Crom vsde to vsde av sC stv a blogk oC wood and vhev degsdsny eGagtlc what pattern to garje on st. i attempt to bste her hand, but vhe

yrabv the hasr on the top oC mc head, Corgsny me bagk to the yround. i thsnk . . . Ehe almovt purrv. i thsnk well vtart wsth cour mouth. i glamp mc teeth toyether av vhe teavsnylc tragev the outlsne oC mc lspv wsth the tsp oC the blade. i wont glove mc ecev. xhe gomment about Que hav Cslled me wsth Curc, enouyh Curc i thsnk to dse wsth vome dsynstc. Av mc lavt agt oC deCsange, i wsll vtare her down av lony av i gan vee, whsgh wsll probablc not be an eGtended persod oC tsme, but i wsll vtare her down, i wsll not grc out. i wsll dse, sn mc own vmall wac, undeCeated. Oev, i dont thsnk coull haje mugh uve Cor cour lspv ancmore. fant to blow Sojer Doc one lavt ksvv? vhe avkv, i work up a mouthCul oC blood and valsja and vpst st sn her Cage. Ehe Cluvhev wsth raye. All rsyht then. Setv yet vtarted. i brage mcvelC Cor the ayonc thatv vure to Collow. Dut av i Ceel the tsp open the Csrvt gut at mc lsp, vome yreat Corm cankv Bloje Crom mc bodc and then vhev vgreamsny. im too vtunned at Csrvt, too unable to progevv what hav happened. qav zeeta vomehow gome to mc revgue? qaje the Iamemakerv vent sn vome wsld ansmal to add to the Cun? qav a hojergraCt sneGplsgablc plugked her snto the asr? Dut when i puvh mcvelC up on mc numb armv, i vee stv none oC the aboje. Bloje sv danylsny a Coot oCC the yround, smprsvoned sn xhrevhv armv. i let out a yavp,

veesny hsm lske that, towersny ojer me, holdsny Bloje lske a ray doll. i remember hsm av bsy, but he veemv more mavvsje, more powerCul than i ejen regall. iC ancthsny, he veemv to haje yasned wesyht sn the arena. qe Clspv

Bloje around and Clsnyv her onto the yround. fhen he vhoutv, i Fump, nejer hajsny heard hsm vpeak aboje a mutter. fhatd cou do to that lsttle ysrl? Oou ksll her? Bloje sv vgramblsny bagkward on all Courv, lske a Crantsg snvegt, too vhogked to ejen gall Cor Bato. Ko! Ko, st wavnt me! Oou vasd her name. i heard cou. Oou ksll her? Another thouyht brsnyv a Crevh waje oC raye to hsv Ceaturev. Oou gut her up lske cou were yosny to gut up thsv ysrl here? Ko! Ko, i Bloje veev the vtone, about the vsMe oC a vmall loaC oC bread sn xhrevhv hand and lovev st. Bato! vhe vgreeghev. Bato! Bloje! i hear Batov anvwer, but hev too Car awac, i gan tell that mugh, to do her anc yood. fhat wav he dosny? xrcsny to yet RoGCage or zeeta? Lr had he been lcsny sn wast Cor xhrevh and Fuvt badlc msvFudyed hsv logatson? xhrevh brsnyv the rogk down hard ayasnvt Blojev temple. itv not bleedsny, but i gan vee the dent sn her vkull and i know that vhev a yoner. xherev vtsll lsCe sn her now thouyh, sn the rapsd rsve and Call oC her

ghevt, the low moan evgapsny her lspv. fhen xhrevh whsrlv around on me, the rogk rasved, i know stv no yood to run. And mc bow sv emptc, the lavt loaded arrow hajsny yone sn Blojev dsregtson. im trapped sn the ylare oC hsv vtranye yolden brown ecev. fhatd vhe mean? About Que besny cour allc? i i we teamed up. Dlew up the vupplsev. i trsed to vaje her, i dsd. Dut he yot there Csrvt. Jsvtrsgt Lne, i vac. Hacbe sC he knowv i helped Que, he wont ghoove vome vlow, vadsvtsg end Cor me. And cou kslled hsm? he demandv. Oev. i kslled hsm. And bursed her sn Clowerv, i vac. And i vany her to vleep. xearv vprsny sn mc ecev. xhe tenvson, the Csyht yoev out oC me at the memorc. And im ojerwhelmed bc Que, and the pasn sn mc head, and mc Cear oC xhrevh, and the moansny oC the dcsny ysrl a Cew Ceet awac. xo vleep? xhrevh vacv yruCClc. xo death. i vany untsl vhe dsed, i vac. Oour dsvtrsgt. . . xhec vent me bread. Hc hand reaghev up but not Cor an arrow that i know ill nejer reagh. Uuvt to wspe mc nove. Jo st Cavt, okac, xhrevh? BonClsgtsny emotsonv grovv xhrevhv Cage. qe lowerv the rogk and posntv at me, almovt agguvsnylc. Uuvt thsv one tsme, i let cou yo. Ror the lsttle ysrl. Oou and me, were ejen then. Ko more owed. Oou undervtand? i nod begauve i do undervtand. About owsny. About hatsny st. i undervtand that sC xhrevh

wsnv, hell haje to yo bagk and Cage a dsvtrsgt that hav alreadc broken all the rulev to thank me, and he sv breaksny the rulev to thank me, too. And i undervtand that, Cor the moment, xhrevh sv not yosny to vmavh sn mc vkull. Bloje! Batov josge sv mugh nearer now. i gan tell bc the pasn sn st that he veev her on the yround. Oou better run now, Rsre Isrl, vacv xhrevh. i dont need to be told twsge. i Clsp ojer and mc Ceet dsp snto the hard-pagked earth av i run awac Crom xhrevh and Bloje and the vound oC Batov josge. Lnlc when i reagh the woodv do i turn bagk Cor an snvtant. xhrevh and both larye bagkpagkv are jansvhsny ojer the edye oC the plasn snto the

area ije nejer veen. Bato kneelv bevsde Bloje, vpear sn hand, beyysny her to vtac wsth hsm. in a moment, he wsll realsMe stv Cutsle, vhe gant be vajed. i gravh snto the treev, repeatedlc vwspsny awac the blood thatv poursny snto mc ece, Cleesny lske the wsld, wounded greature i am. ACter a Cew msnutev, i hear the gannon and i know that Bloje hav dsed, that Bato wsll be on one oC our traslv. Psther xhrevhv or msne. im vesMed wsth terror, weak Crom mc head wound, vhaksny. i load an arrow, but Bato gan throw that vpear almovt av Car av i gan vhoot. Lnlc one thsny galmv me down. xhrevh

hav Batov bagkpagk gontasnsny the thsny he needv devperatelc. iC i had to bet, Bato headed out aCter xhrevh, not me. Etsll i dont vlow down when i reagh the water. i plunye rsyht sn, bootv vtsll on, and Clounder downvtream. i pull oCC Quev vogkv that ije been uvsny Cor ylojev and prevv them snto mc Corehead, trcsny to vtaungh the Clow oC blood, but thecre voaked sn msnutev. Eomehow i make st bagk to the gaje. i vNueeMe throuyh the rogkv. in the dappled lsyht, i pull the lsttle oranye bagkpagk Crom mc arm, gut open the glavp, and dump the gontentv on the yround. Lne vlsm boG gontasnsny one hcpodermsg needle. fsthout hevstatsny, i Fam the needle snto zeetav arm and vlowlc prevv down on the plunyer. Hc handv yo to mc head and then drop to mc lap, vlsgk wsth blood. xhe lavt thsny i remember sv an eGNusvstelc beautsCul yreen-and-vsljer moth landsny on the gurje oC mc wrsvt.

22.

xhe vound oC rasn drummsny on the rooC oC our houve yentlc pullv me toward gonvgsouvnevv. i Csyht to return to vleep thouyh, wrapped sn a warm gogoon oC

blanketv, vaCe at home. im jayuelc aware that mc head aghev. zovvsblc i haje the Clu and thsv sv whc im allowed to vtac sn bed, ejen thouyh i gan tell ije been avleep a lony tsme. Hc motherv hand vtrokev mc gheek and i dont puvh st awac av i would sn wakeCulnevv, nejer wantsny her to know how mugh i graje that yentle tough. qow mugh i msvv her ejen thouyh i vtsll dont truvt her. xhen therev a josge, the wrony josge, not mc motherv, and im vgared. Tatnsvv, st vacv. Tatnsvv, gan cou hear me? Hc ecev open and the venve oC vegurstc jansvhev. im not home, not wsth mc mother. im sn a dsm, ghsllc gaje, mc bare Ceet CreeMsny devpste the gojer, the asr tasnted wsth the unmsvtakable vmell oC blood. xhe hayyard, pale Cage oC a boc vlsdev snto jsew, and aCter an snstsal Folt oC alarm, i Ceel better. zeeta. qec, he vacv. Iood to vee cour ecev ayasn. qow lony haje i been out? i avk. Kot vure. i woke up cevterdac ejensny and cou were lcsny neGt to me sn a jerc vgarc pool oC blood, he vacv. i thsnk stv vtopped Csnallc, but i wouldnt vst up or ancthsny. i ysnyerlc lsCt mc hand to mc head and Csnd st bandayed. xhsv vsmple yevture leajev me weak and dsMMc. zeeta holdv a bottle to mc lspv and i drsnk thsrvtslc. Ooure better, i vac. Hugh better. fhatejer cou vhot snto mc arm dsd the trsgk, he vacv. Dc thsv mornsny, almovt all the vwellsny sn

mc ley wav yone. qe

doevnt veem anyrc about mc trsgksny hsm, druyysny hsm, and runnsny oCC to the Ceavt. Hacbe im Fuvt too beat-up and ill hear about st later when im vtronyer. Dut Cor the moment, hev all yentlenevv. Jsd cou eat? i avk. im vorrc to vac i yobbled down three psegev oC that yroovlsny beCore i realsMed st msyht haje to lavt a whsle. Jont worrc, im bagk on a vtrsgt dset, he vacv. Ko, stv yood. Oou need to eat. ill yo huntsny voon, i vac. Kot too voon, all rsyht? he vacv. Oou Fuvt let me take gare oC cou Cor a whsle. i dont reallc veem to haje mugh ghosge. zeeta Ceedv me bstev oC yroovlsny and rasvsnv and makev me drsnk plentc oC water. qe rubv vome warmth bagk snto mc Ceet and wrapv them sn hsv Fagket beCore tugksny the vleepsny bay bagk up around mc ghsn. Oour bootv and vogkv are vtsll damp and the weatherv not helpsny mugh, he vacv. xherev a glap oC thunder, and i vee lsyhtnsny elegtrsCc the vkc throuyh an opensny sn the rogkv. Qasn drspv throuyh vejeral holev sn the geslsny, but zeeta hav buslt a vort oC ganopc ojer mc head an upper bodc bc wedysny the vNuare oC plavtsg snto the rogk aboje me. i wonder what brouyht on thsv vtorm? i mean, whov the taryet? vacv zeeta.

Bato and xhrevh, i vac wsthout thsnksny. RoGCage wsll be sn her den vomewhere, and Bloje . . . Ehe gut me an then . . . Hc josge traslv oCC. i know Blojev dead. i vaw st sn the vkc lavt nsyht, h vacv. Jsd cou ksll her? Ko. xhrevh broke her vkull wsth a rogk, i vac. Sugkc he dsdnt gatgh cou, too, vacv zeeta. xhe memorc oC the Ceavt returnv Cull-Corge and i Ceel vsgk. qe dsd. Dut he let me yo. xhen, oC gourve, i haje to tell hsm. About thsnyv ije kept to mcvelC begauve he wav too vsgk to avk and i wavnt readc to relsje ancwac. Sske the eGplovson and mc ear and Quev dcsny and the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 and the bread. All oC whsgh leadv to what happened wsth xhrevh and how he wav pacsny oCC a debt oC vortv. qe let cou yo begauve he dsdnt want to owe cou ancthsny? avkv zeeta sn dsvbelseC. Oev. i dont eGpegt cou to undervtand st. Oouje alwacv had enouyh. Dut sC coud lsjed sn the Eeam, i wouldnt haje to eGplasn, i vac. And dont trc. Lbjsouvlc im too dsm to yet st. itv lske the bread. qow i nejer veem to yet ojer owsny cou Cor that, i vac. xhe bread? fhat? Rrom when we were ksdv? he vacv. i thsnk we gan let that yo. i mean, cou Fuvt brouyht me bagk Crom the dead. Dut cou dsdnt know me. fe had nejer ejen vpoken. Devsdev, stv the Csrvt ysCt thatv alwacv the hardevt to pac bagk. i wouldnt ejen haje been here to do st sC cou hadnt helped

me then, i vac. fhc dsd cou, ancwac? fhc? Oou know whc, zeeta vacv. i ysje mc head a vlsyht, pasnCul vhake. qacmstgh vasd cou would take a lot oC gonjsngsny. qacmstgh? i avk. fhatv he yot to do wsth st? Kothsny, zeeta vacv. Eo, Bato and xhrevh, huh? i yuevv stv too mugh to hope that thecll vsmultaneouvlc devtroc eagh other? Dut the thouyht onlc upvetv me. i thsnk we would lske xhrevh. i thsnk hed be our Crsend bagk sn Jsvtrsgt xwelje, i vac. xhen letv hope Bato ksllv

hsm, vo we dont haje to, vacv zeeta yrsmlc. i dont want Bato to ksll xhrevh at all. i dont want ancone elve to dse. Dut thsv sv abvolutelc not the ksnd oC thsny that jsgtorv yo around vacsny sn the arena. Jevpste mc bevt eCCortv, i gan Ceel tearv vtartsny to pool sn mc ecev. zeeta lookv at me sn gongern. fhat sv st? Are cou sn a lot oC pasn? i ysje hsm another anvwer, begauve st sv eNuallc true but gan be taken av a brseC moment oC weaknevv snvtead oC a termsnal one. i want to yo home, zeeta, i vac plasntsjelc, lske a vmall ghsld. Oou wsll. i promsve, he vacv, and bendv ojer to ysje me a ksvv. i want to yo home now, i vac. xell cou what. Oou yo bagk to vleep and dream oC home. And coull be there Cor real beCore cou know st, lse vacv. Lkac? Lkac, i whsvper.

fake me sC cou need me to keep watgh. im yood and revted, thankv to cou and qacmstgh. Devsdev, who knowv how lony thsv wsll lavt? he vacv. fhat doev he mean? xhe vtorm? xhe brseC revpste ss brsnyv uv? xhe Iamev themveljev? i dont know, but im son vad and tsred to avk. itv ejensny when zeeta wakev me ayasn. xhe rasn hav turned to a downpour, vendsny vtreamv oC water throuyh our geslsny where earlser there had been onlc drspv. zeeta hav plaged the broth pot under the worvt one and repovstsoned the plavtsg to deClegt movt oC st Crom me. i Ceel a bst better, able to vst up wsthout yettsny too dsMMc, and im abvolutelc Camsvhed. Eo sv zeeta. itv glear hev been wastsny Cor me to wake up to eat and sv eayer to yet vtarted. xherev not mugh leCt. xwo psegev oC yroovlsny, a vmall msvhmavh oC rootv, and a handCul oC drsed Crust. Ehould we trc and ratson st? zeeta avkv. Ko, letv Fuvt Csnsvh st. xhe yroovlsnyv yettsny old ancwac, and the lavt thsny we need sv to yet vsgk oCC vposled Cood, i vac, dsjsdsny the Cood snto two eNual pslev. fe trc and eat vlowlc, but were both vo hunyrc were done sn a gouple oC msnutev. Hc vtomagh sv sn no wac vatsvCsed. xomorrowv a huntsny dac, i vac. i wont be mugh help wsth that, zeeta vacv. ije nejer hunted beCore. ill ksll and cou gook, i vac. And cou gan alwacv yather. i wsvh there wav vome vort oC bread buvh out there,

vacv zeeta. xhe bread thec vent me Crom Jsvtrsgt Plejen wav vtsll warm, i vac wsth a vsyh. qere, ghew theve. i hand hsm a gouple oC msnt leajev and pop a Cew sn mc own mouth. itv hard to ejen vee the proFegtson sn the vkc, but stv glear enouyh to know there were no more deathv todac. Eo Bato and xhrevh hajent had st out cet. fhere dsd xhrevh yo? i mean, whatv on the Car vsde oC the gsrgle? i avk zeeta. A Cseld. Av Car av cou gan vee stv Cull oC yravvev av hsyh av mc vhoulderv. i dont know, macbe vome oC them are yrasn. xhere are patghev oC dsCCerent golorv. Dut there are no pathv, vacv zeeta. i bet vome oC them are yrasn. i bet xhrevh knowv whsgh onev, too, i vac. Jsd cou yo sn there? Ko. Kobodc reallc wanted to tragk xhrevh down sn that yravv. it hav a vsnsvter Ceelsny to st. Pjerc tsme i look at that Cseld, all i gan thsnk oC are hsdden thsnyv. Enakev, and

rabsd ansmalv, and Nusgkvand, zeeta vacv. xhere gould be ancthsny sn there. i dont vac vo but zeetav wordv remsnd me oC the warnsnyv thec ysje uv about not yosny becond the Cenge sn Jsvtrsgt 12. i gant help, Cor a moment, gomparsny hsm wsth Iale, who would vee that Cseld av a potentsal vourge oC Cood av well av a threat. xhrevh

gertasnlc dsd. itv not that zeetav voCt eGagtlc, and hev projed hev not a goward. Dut there are thsnyv cou dont Nuevtson too mugh, i yuevv, when cour home alwacv vmellv lske baksny bread, whereav Iale Nuevtsonv ejercthsny. fhat would zeeta thsnk oC the srrejerent banter that pavvev between uv av we break the law eagh dac? fould st vhogk hsm? xhe thsnyv we vac about zanem? Ialev tsradev ayasnvt the Bapstol? Hacbe there sv a bread buvh sn that Cseld, i vac. Hacbe thatv whc xhrevh lookv better Ced now than when we vtarted the Iamev. Psther that or hev yot jerc yenerouv vponvorv, vacv zeeta. i wonder what wed haje to do to yet qacmstgh to vend uv vome bread. i rasve mc ecebrowv beCore i remember he doevnt know about the mevvaye qacmstgh vent uv a gouple oC nsyhtv ayo. Lne ksvv eNualv one pot oC broth. itv not the vort oC thsny i gan blurt out, esther. xo vac mc thouyhtv aloud would be tsppsny oCC the audsenge that the romange hav been Cabrsgated to plac on thesr vcmpathsev and that would revult sn no Cood at all. Eomehow, belsejablc, ije yot to yet thsnyv bagk on tragk. Eomethsny vsmple to vtart wsth. i reagh out and take hsv hand. fell, he probablc uved up a lot oC revourgev helpsny me knogk cou out, i vac msvghsejouvlc. Oeah, about that, vacv zeeta, entwsnsny hsv Csnyerv sn msne. Jont trc vomethsny lskethat ayasn. Lr what? i avk. Lr . . . Lr . . . qe gant thsnk oC ancthsny yood. Uuvt ysje me a msnute. fhatv the problem? i vac wsth a yrsn. xhe problem sv were both vtsll alsje. fhsgh onlc resnCorgev the sdea sn cour msnd that cou dsd the rsyht thsny, vacv zeeta. i dsd do the rsyht thsny, i vac. Ko! Uuvt dont, Tatnsvv! qsv yrsp tsyhtenv, hurtsny mc hand, and therev real anyer sn hsv josge. Jont dse Cor me. Oou wont be dosny me anc Cajorv. All rsyht? im vtartled bc hsv sntenvstc but regoynsMe an eGgellent opportunstc Cor yettsny Cood, vo i trc to keep up. Hacbe i dsd st Cor mcvelC, zeeta, dsd cou ejer thsnk oC that? Hacbe cou arent the onlc one who . . . fho worrsev about . . . fhat st would be lske sC. . . i Cumble. im not av vmooth wsth wordv av zeeta. And whsle i wav talksny, the sdea oC agtuallc lovsny zeeta hst me ayasn and i realsMed how mugh i dont want hsm to dse. And stv not about the vponvorv. And stv not about what wsll happen bagk home. And stv not Fuvt that i dont want to be alone. itv hsm. i do not want to love the boc wsth the bread. iC what, Tatnsvv? he vacv voCtlc. i wsvh i gould pull the vhutterv gloved, blogksny out thsv moment Crom the prcsny ecev oC zanem. Pjen sC st meanv lovsny Cood. fhatejer im Ceelsny, stv no onev buvsnevv but msne. xhatv eGagtlc the ksnd oC topsg qacmstgh told me to vteer glear oC, i


vac ejavsjelc, althouyh qacmstgh nejer vasd ancthsny oC the ksnd. in Cagt, hev probablc gurvsny me out rsyht now Cor droppsny the ball dursny vugh an emotsonallc gharyed moment. Dut zeeta vomehow gatghev st. xhen ill Fuvt haje to Csll sn the blankv mcvelC, he vacv, and mojev sn to me. xhsv sv the Csrvt ksvv that were both Cullc aware oC. Kesther oC uv hobbled bc vsgknevv or pasn or vsmplc ungonvgsouv. Lur lspv nesther burnsny wsth Cejer or sgc gold. xhsv sv the Csrvt ksvv where i agtuallc Ceel vtsrrsny snvsde mc ghevt. farm and gursouv. xhsv sv the Csrvt ksvv that makev me want another. Dut i dont yet st. fell, i do yet a vegond ksvv, but stv Fuvt a lsyht one on the tsp oC mc nove begauve zeetav been dsvtragted. i thsnk cour wound sv bleedsny ayasn. Bome on, lse down, stv bedtsme ancwac, he vacv. Hc vogkv are drc enouyh to wear now. i make zeeta put hsv Fagket bagk on. xhe damp gold veemv to gut rsyht down to mc bonev, vo he muvt be halC CroMen. i snvsvt on taksny the Csrvt watgh, too, althouyh nesther oC uv thsnk stv lskelc ancone wsll gome sn thsv weather. Dut he wont ayree unlevv im sn the bay, too, and im vhsjersny vo hard that stv posntlevv to obFegt. in vtark gontravt to two nsyhtv ayo, when i Celt zeeta wav a msllson mslev awac, im vtrugk bc hsv smmedsagc now. Av we vettle sn, he pullv mc head down to uve hsv arm av a psllow, the other revtvprotegtsjelc ojer me ejen when he yoev to vleep. Ko one hav held me lske thsv sn vugh a lony tsme. Esnge mc Cather dsed and i vtopped truvtsny mc mother, no one elvev armv haje made me Ceel thsv vaCe. fsth the asd oC the ylavvev, i lse watghsny the drspv oC water vplatter on the gaje Cloor. Qhcthmsg and lullsny. Eejeral tsmev, i drsCt oCC brseClc and then vnap awake, yusltc and anyrc wsth mcvelC. ACter three or Cour hourv, i gant help st, i haje to rouve zeeta begauve i gant keep mc ecev open. qe doevnt veem to msnd. xomorrow, when stv drc, ill Csnd uv a plage vo hsyh sn the treev we gan both vleep sn peage, i promsve av i drsCt oCC. Dut tomorrow sv no better sn termv oC weather. xhe deluye gontsnuev av sC the Iamemakerv are sntent on wavhsny uv all awac. xhe thunderv vo powerCul st veemv to vhake the yround. zeetav gonvsdersny headsny out ancwac to vgajenye Cor Cood, but i tell hsm sn thsv vtorm st would be posntlevv. qe wont be able to vee three Ceet sn Cront oC hsv Cage and hell onlc end up yettsny voaked to the vksn Cor hsv troublev. qe knowv im rsyht, but the ynawsny sn our vtomaghv sv begomsny pasnCul. xhe dac drayv on turnsny snto ejensny and therev no break sn the weather. qacmstgh sv our onlc hope, but nothsny sv Corthgomsny, esther Crom lagk oC monec ejercthsny wsll govt an eGorbstant amount or begauve hev

dsvvatsvCsed wsth our perCormange. zrobablc the latter. id be the Csrvt to admst were not eGagtlc rsjetsny todac. Etarjsny, weak Crom snFursev, trcsny not to reopen woundv. fere vsttsny huddled toyether wrapped sn the vleepsny bay, cev, but movtlc to keep warm. xhe movt eGgstsny thsny

esther oC uv doev sv nap. im not reallc vure how to ramp up the romange. xhe ksvv lavt nsyht wav nsge, but worksny up to another wsll take vome Corethouyht. xhere are ysrlv sn the Eeam, vome oC the merghant ysrlv, too, who najsyate theve waterv vo eavslc. Dut ije nejer had mugh tsme or uve Cor st. Ancwac, Fuvt a ksvv svnt enouyh ancmore glearlc begauve sC st wav wed haje yotten Cood lavt nsyht. Hc snvtsngtv tell me qacmstgh svnt Fuvt looksny Cor phcvsgal aCCegtson, he wantv vomethsny more pervonal. xhe vort oC vtuCC he wav trcsny to yet me to tell about mcvelC when we were pragtsgsny Cor the snterjsew. im rotten at st, but zeetav not. Hacbe the bevt approagh sv to yet hsm talksny. zeeta, i vac lsyhtlc. Oou vasd at the snterjsew coud had a gruvh on me Corejer. fhen dsd Corejer vtart? Lh, letv vee. i yuevv the Csrvt dac oC vghool. fe were Csje. Oou had on a red plasd drevv and cour hasr . . . it wav sn two brasdv snvtead oC one. Hc Cather posnted cou out when we were wastsny to lsne up, zeeta vacv. Oour Cather? fhc? i avk. qe vasd, Eee that lsttle ysrl? i wanted to marrc her mother, but vhe ran oCC wsth a goal msner, zeeta vacv. fhat? Ooure maksny that up! i eGglasm. Ko, true vtorc, zeeta vacv. And i vasd, A goal msner? fhc dsd vhe want a goal msner sC vhe gouldje had cou? And he vasd, Degauve when he vsnyv . . . Pjen the bsrdv vtop to lsvten. xhatv true. xhec do. i mean, thec dsd, i vac. im vtunned and vurprsvsnylc mojed, thsnksny oC the baker tellsny thsv to zeeta. it vtrskev me that mc own relugtange to vsny, mc own dsvmsvval oC muvsg msyht not reallc be that i thsnk stv a wavte oC tsme. it msyht be begauve st remsndv me too mugh oC mc Cather. Eo that dac, sn muvsg avvemblc, the teagher avked who knew the jallec vony. Oour hand vhot rsyht up sn the asr. Ehe vtood cou up on a vtool and had cou vsny st Cor uv. And i vwear, ejerc bsrd outvsde the wsndowv Cell vslent, zeeta vacv. Lh, pleave, i vac, lauyhsny. Ko, st happened. And rsyht when cour vony ended, i knew Fuvt lske cour mother i wav a yoner, zeeta vacv. xhen Cor the neGt elejen cearv, i trsed to work up the nerje to talk to cou. fsthout vuggevv, i add. fsthout vuggevv. Eo, sn a wac, mc name besny drawn sn the reapsny wav a real psege oC lugk, vacv zeeta. Ror a moment, im almovt Coolsvhlc

happc and then gonCuvson vweepv ojer me. Degauve were vuppoved to be maksny up thsv vtuCC, placsny at besny sn loje not agtuallc besny sn loje. Dut zeetav vtorc hav a rsny oC truth to st. xhat part about mc Cather and the bsrdv. And i dsd vsny the Csrvt dac oC vghool, althouyh i dont remember the vony. And that red plasd drevv . . . xhere wav one, a hand-me-down to zrsm that yot wavhed to rayv aCter mc Catherv death. it would eGplasn another thsny, too. fhc zeeta took a beatsny to ysje me the bread on that awCul hollow dac. Eo, sC thove detaslv are true . . . Bould st all be true? Oou haje a . . . Qemarkable memorc, i vac haltsnylc. i remember ejercthsny about cou, vacv zeeta, tugksny a loove vtrand oC hasr

behsnd mc ear. Ooure the one who wavnt pacsny attentson. i am now, i vac. fell, i dont haje mugh gompetstson here, he vacv. i want to draw awac, to glove thove vhutterv ayasn, but i know i gant. itv av sC i gan hear qacmstgh whsvpersny sn mc ear, Eac st! Eac st! i vwallow hard and yet the wordv out. Oou dont haje mugh gompetstson ancwhere. And thsv tsme, stv me who leanv sn. Lur lspv haje Fuvt barelc toughed when the glunk outvsde makev uv Fump. Hc bow gomev up, the arrow readcto Clc, but therev no other vound. zeeta peerv throuyh the rogkv and then ysjev a whoop. DeCore i gan vtop hsm, lsev out sn the rasn, then handsny vomethsny sn to me. A vsljer paraghute attaghed to a bavket. i rsp st open at onge and snvsde therev a Ceavt Crevh rollv, yoat gheeve, applev, and bevt oC all, a tureen oC that sngredsble lamb vtew on wsld rsge. xhe jerc dsvh i told Baevar Rlsgkerman wav the movt smprevvsje thsny the Bapstol had to oCCer. zeeta wrsyylev bagk snvsde, hsv Cage lst up lske the vun. i yuevv qacmstgh Csnallc yot tsred oC watghsny uv vtarje. i yuevv vo, i anvwer. Dut sn mc head i gan hear qacmstghv vmuy, sC vlsyhtlc eGavperated, wordv, Oev, thatv what im looksny lot, vweetheart.

23.

Pjerc gell sn mc bodc wantv me to dsy snto the vtew and gram st, handCul bc handCul snto mc mouth. Dut zeetav josge vtopv me. fe better take st vlow on that vtew. Qemember the Csrvt nsyht on the trasn? xhe rsgh Cood made me vsgk and i wavnt ejen vtarjsny then. Ooure rsyht. And i gould Fuvt snhale the whole thsny! i vac

reyretCullc. Dut i dont. fe are Nuste venvsble. fe eagh haje a roll, halC an apple, and an eyy-vsMe verjsny oC vtew and rsge. i make mcvelC eat the vtew sn tsnc vpoonCulv thec ejen vent uv vsljerware and platev vajorsny eagh bste. fhen we Csnsvh, i vtare lonysnylc at the dsvh. i want more. He, too. xell cou what. fe wast an hour, sC st vtacv down, then we yet another verjsny, zeeta vacv. Ayreed, i vac. itv yosny to be a lony hour. Hacbe not that lony, vacv zeeta. fhat wav that cou were vacsny Fuvt beCore the Cood arrsjed? Eomethsny about me . . . Ko gompetstson . . . Devt thsny that ejer happened to cou . . . i dont remember that lavt part, i vac, hopsny stv too dsm sn here Cor the gamerav to psgk up mc bluvh. Lh, thatv rsyht. xhatv what i wav thsnksny, he vacv. Egoot ojer, im CreeMsny. i make room Cor hsm sn the vleepsny bay. fe lean bagk ayasnvt the gaje wall, mc head on hsv vhoulder, hsv armv wrapped around me. i gan Ceel qacmstgh nudysny me to keep up the agt. Eo, vsnge we were Csje, cou nejer ejen notsged anc other ysrlv? i avk hsm. Ko, i notsged Fuvt about ejerc ysrl, but none oC them made a lavtsny smprevvson but cou, he vacv. im vure that would thrsll cour parentv, cou lsksny a ysrl Crom the Eeam, i vac. qardlc. Dut i gouldnt gare levv. Ancwac, sC we make st bagk, cou wont be a ysrl Crom the Eeam, coull be a ysrl Crom the

Wsgtorv Wsllaye, he vacv. xhatv rsyht. iC we wsn, well eagh yet a houve sn the part oC town reverjed Cor qunyer Iamev jsgtorv. Sony ayo,

when the Iamev beyan, the Bapstol had buslt a doMen Csne houvev sn eagh dsvtrsgt. LC gourve, sn ourv onlc one sv oggupsed. Hovt oC the otherv haje nejer been lsjed sn at all. A dsvturbsny thouyht hstv me. Dut then, our onlc nesyhbor wsll be qacmstgh! Ah, thatll be nsge, vacv zeeta, tsyhtensny hsv armv around me. Oou and me and qacmstgh. Werc goMc. zsgnsgv, bsrthdacv, lony wsnter nsyhtv around the Csre retellsny old qunyer Iamev talev. i told cou, he hatev me! i vac, but i gant help lauyhsny at the smaye oC qacmstgh begomsny mc new pal. Lnlc vometsmev. fhen hev vober, ije nejer heard hsm vac one neyatsje thsny about cou, vacv zeeta. qev nejer vober! i protevt. xhatv rsyht. fho am i thsnksny oC? Lh, i know. itv Bsnna who lskev cou. Dut thatv masnlc begauve cou dsdnt trc to run when he vet cou on Csre, vacv zeeta. Ln the other hand, qacmstgh . . . fell, sC i were cou, id ajosd qacmstgh gompletelc. qe hatev cou. i thouyht cou vasd i wav hsv Cajorste, i vac. qe hatev me more, vacv zeeta. i dont thsnk people sn yeneral are hsv vort oC thsny. i know the

audsenge wsll enFoc our hajsny Cun at qacmstghv eGpenve. qe hav been around vo lony, hev pragtsgallc an old Crsend to vome oC them. And aCter hsv head-dsje oCC the vtaye at the reapsny, ejercbodc knowv hsm. Dc thsv tsme, thecll haje drayyed hsm out oC the gontrol room Cor snterjsewv about uv. Ko tellsny what vort oC lsev hev made up. qev at vomethsny oC a dsvadjantaye begauve movt mentorv haje a partner, another jsgtor to help them whereav qacmstgh hav to be readc to yo snto agtson at anc moment. Tsnd oC lske me when i wav alone sn the arena. i wonder how hev holdsny up, wsth the drsnksny, the attentson, and the vtrevv oC trcsny to keep uv alsje. itv Cunnc. qacmstgh and i dont yet alony well sn pervon, but macbe zeeta sv rsyht about uv besny alske begauve he veemv able to gommunsgate wsth me bc the tsmsny oC hsv ysCtv. Sske how i knew i muvt be glove to water when he wsthheld st and how i knew the vleep vcrup Fuvt wavnt vomethsny to eave zeetav pasn and how i know now that i haje to plac up the romange. qe havnt made mugh eCCort to gonnegt wsth zeeta reallc. zerhapv he thsnkv a bowl oC broth would Fuvt be a bowl oC broth to zeeta, whereav ill vee the vtrsnyv attaghed to st. A thouyht hstv me, and im amaMed the Nuevtsonv taken vo lony to vurCage. Hacbe stv begauve ije onlc regentlc beyun to jsew qacmstgh wsth

a deyree oC gursovstc. qow do cou thsnk he dsd st? fho? Jsd what? zeeta avkv. qacmstgh. qow do cou thsnk he won the Iamev? i vac. zeeta gonvsderv thsv Nuste a whsle beCore he anvwerv. qacmstgh sv vturdslc buslt, but no phcvsgal wonder lske Bato or xhrevh. qev not partsgularlc handvome. Kot sn the wac that gauvev vponvorv to rasn ysCtv on cou. And hev vo vurlc, stv hard to smaysne ancone teamsny up wsth hsm. xherev onlc one wac qacmstgh gould haje won, and zeeta vacv st Fuvt av im reaghsny thsv gongluvson mcvelC. qe outvmarted the otherv, vacv zeeta. i nod, then let the gonjervatson drop. Dut vegretlc

im wondersny sC qacmstgh vobered up lony enouyh to help zeeta and me begauve he thouyht we Fuvt msyht haje the wstv to vurjsje. Hacbe he wavnt alwacv a drunk. Hacbe, sn the beysnnsny, he trsed to help the trsbutev. Dut then st yot unbearable. it muvt be hell to mentor two ksdv and then watgh them dse. Oear aCter cear aCter cear. i realsMe that sC i yet out oC here, that wsll begome mc Fob. xo mentor the ysrl Crom Jsvtrsgt 12. xhe sdea sv vo repellent, i thruvt st Crom mc msnd. About halC an hour hav pavved beCore i degsde i haje to eat ayasn. zeetav too hunyrc hsmvelC to

put up an aryument. fhsle im dsvhsny up two more vmall verjsnyv oC lamb vtew and rsge, we hear the anthem beysn to plac. zeeta prevvev hsv ecev ayasnvt a gragk sn the rogkv to watgh the vkc. xhere wont be ancthsny to vee tonsyht, i vac, Car more snterevted sn the vtew than the vkc. Kothsnyv happened or we wouldje heard a gannon. Tatnsvv, zeeta vacv Nusetlc. fhat? Ehould we vplst another roll, too? i avk. Tatnsvv, he repeatv, but i Csnd mcvelC wantsny to synore hsm. im yosny to vplst one. Dut ill vaje the gheeve Cor tomorrow, i vac. i vee zeeta vtarsny at me. fhat? xhrevh sv dead, vacv zeeta. qe gant be, i vac. xhec muvt haje Csred the gannon dursny the thunder and we msvved st, vacv zeeta. Are cou vure? i mean, stv poursny bugketv out there. i dont know how cou gan vee ancthsny, i vac. i puvh hsm awac Crom the rogkv and vNusnt out snto the dark, rasnc vkc. Ror about ten vegondv, i gatgh a dsvtorted ylsmpve oC xhrevhv psgture and then hev yone. Uuvt lske that. i vlump down ayasnvt the rogkv, momentarslc Coryettsny about the tavk at hand. xhrevh dead. i vhould be happc, rsyht? Lne levv trsbute to Cage. And a powerCul one, too. Dut im not happc. All i gan thsnk about sv xhrevh lettsny me yo, lettsny me run begauve oC Que, who dsed wsth that vpear sn her vtomagh. . . . Oou all rsyht? avkv zeeta. i ysje a nongommsttal

vhruy and gup mc elbowv sn mc handv, huyysny them glove to mc bodc. i haje to burc the real pasn begauve whov yosny to bet on a trsbute who keepv vnsjelsny ojer the deathv oC her opponentv. Que wav one thsny. fe were allsev. Ehe wav vo couny. Dut no one wsll undervtand mc vorrow at xhrevhv murder. xhe word pullv me up vhort. Hurder! xhankCullc, i dsdnt vac st aloud. xhatv not yosny to wsn me anc posntv sn the arena. fhat i do vac sv, itv Fuvt . . . iC we dsdnt wsn . . . i wanted xhrevh to. Degauve he let me yo. And begauve oC Que. Oeah, i know, vacv zeeta. Dut thsv meanv were one vtep glover to Jsvtrsgt xwelje. qe nudyev a plate oC Coot snto mc handv. Pat. itv vtsll warm. i take a bste oC the vtew to vhow i dont reallc gare, but stv lske ylue sn mc mouth and takev a lot oC eCCort to vwallow. it alvo meanv Bato wsll be bagk huntsny uv. And hev yot vupplsev ayasn, vacv zeeta. qell be wounded, i bet, i vac. fhat makev cou vac that? zeeta avkv. Degauve xhrevh would haje nejer yone down wsthout a Csyht. qev vo vtrony, i mean, he wav. And thec were sn hsv terrstorc, i vac.

Iood, vacv zeeta. xhe more wounded Bato sv the better. i wonder how RoGCage sv maksny out. Lh, vhev Csne, i vac peejsvhlc. im vtsll anyrc vhe thouyht oC hsdsny sn

the Bornugopsa and i dsdnt. zrobablc be eavser to gatgh Bato than her. Hacbe thecll gatgh eagh other and we gan Fuvt yo home, vacv zeeta. Dut we better be eGtra gareCul about the watghev. i doMed oCC a Cew tsmev. He, too, i admst. Dut not tonsyht. fe Csnsvh our Cood sn vslenge and then zeeta oCCerv to take the Csrvt watgh. i burrow down sn the vleepsny bay neGt to hsm, pullsny mc hood up ojer mc Cage to hsde st Crom the gamerav. i Fuvt need a Cew momentv oC prsjagc where i gan let anc emotson grovv mc Cage wsthout besny veen. Vnder the hood, i vslentlc vac yood-bce to xhrevh and thank hsm Cor mc lsCe. i promsve to remember hsm and, sC i gan, do vomethsny to help hsv Camslc and Quev, sC i wsn. xhen i evgape snto vleep, gomCorted bc a Cull bellc and the vteadc warmth oC zeeta bevsde me. fhen zeeta wakev me later, the Csrvt thsny i reysvter sv the vmell oC yoat gheeve. qev holdsny out halC a roll vpread wsth the greamc whste vtuCC and topped wsth apple vlsgev. Jont be mad, he vacv. i had to eat ayasn. qerev cour halC. Lh, yood, i vac, smmedsatelc taksny a huye bste. xhe vtrony Cattc gheeve tavtev Fuvt lske the ksnd zrsm makev, the applev are vweet and grunghc. Hm. fe make a yoat gheeve and apple tart at the bakerc, he vacv. Det thatv eGpenvsje, i vac. xoo eGpenvsje Cor mc Camslc to eat. Vnlevv stv yone jerc vtale. LC gourve,

pragtsgallc ejercthsny we eat sv vtale, vacv zeeta, pullsny the vleepsny bay up around hsm. in levv than a msnute, hev vnorsny. quh. i alwacv avvumed the vhopkeeperv lsje a voCt lsCe. And stv true, zeeta hav alwacv had enouyh to eat. Dut therev vomethsny ksnd oC deprevvsny about lsjsny cour lsCe on vtale bread, the hard, drc loajev that no one elve wanted. Lne thsny about uv, vsnge i brsny our Cood home on a daslc bavsv, movt oC st sv vo Crevh cou haje to make vure st svnt yosny to make a run Cor st. Eomewhere dursny mc vhsCt, the rasn vtopv not yraduallc but all at onge. xhe downpour endv and therev onlc the revsdual drsppsnyv oC water Crom branghev, the ruvh oC the now ojerClowsny vtream below uv. A Cull, beautsCul moon emeryev, and ejen wsthout the ylavvev i gan vee outvsde. i gant degsde sC the moon sv real or merelc a proFegtson oC the Iamemakerv. i know st wav Cull vhortlc beCore i leCt home. Iale and i watghed st rsve av we hunted snto the late hourv. qow lony haje i been yone? im yuevvsny stv been about two weekv sn the arena, and there wav that week oC preparatson sn the Bapstol. Hacbe the moon hav gompleted stv gcgle. Ror vome reavon, i badlc want st to be mc moon, the vame one i vee Crom the woodv around Jsvtrsgt 12. xhat would ysje me vomethsny to glsny to sn the vurreal world oC the arena

where the authentsgstc oC ejercthsny sv to be doubted. Rour oC uv leCt. Ror the Csrvt tsme, i allow mcvelC to trulc thsnk about the povvsbslstc that i msyht make st home.

xo Came. xo wealth. xo mc own houve sn the Wsgtorv Wsllaye. Hc mother and zrsm would lsje there wsth me. Ko more Cear oC hunyer. A new ksnd oC Creedom. Dut then . . . fhat? fhat would mc lsCe be lske on a daslc bavsv? Hovt oC st hav been gonvumed wsth the agNusvstson oC Cood. xake that awac and im not reallc vure who i am, what mc sdentstc sv. xhe sdea vgarev me vome. i thsnk oC qacmstgh, wsth all hsv monec. fhat dsd hsv lsCe begome? qe lsjev alone, no wsCe or ghsldren, movt oC hsv waksny hourv drunk. i dont want to end up lske that. Dut cou wont be alone, i whsvper to mcvelC. i haje mc mother and zrsm. fell, Cor the tsme besny. And then . . . i dont want to thsnk about then, when zrsm hav yrown up, mc mother pavved awac. i know ill nejer marrc, nejer rsvk brsnysny a ghsld snto the world. Degauve sC therev one thsny besny a jsgtor doevnt yuarantee, stv cour ghsldrenv vaCetc. Hc ksdv namev would yo rsyht snto the reapsny ballv wsth ejercone elvev. And i vwear ill nejer let that happen. xhe vun ejentuallc rsvev, stv lsyht vlsppsny throuyh the gragkv and sllumsnatsny zeetav Cage. fho wsll he tranvCorm snto sC we make st home? xhsv perpleGsny, yood-natured boc who gan vpsn out lsev vo gonjsngsnylc the whole oC zanem belsejev hsm to be hopelevvlc sn loje wsth me, and ill admst st, there are momentv when he makev me belseje st mcvelC? At leavt, well be Crsendv, i thsnk. Kothsny wsll ghanye the Cagt that weje vajed eagh otherv lsjev sn here. And becond that, he wsll alwacv be the boc wsth the bread. Iood Crsendv. Ancthsny becond that thouyh . . . And i Ceel Ialev yrac ecev watghsny me watghsny zeeta, all the wac Crom Jsvtrsgt 12. JsvgomCort gauvev me to moje. i vgoot ojer and vhake zeetav vhoulder. qsv ecev open vleepslc and when thec Coguv on me, he pullv me down Cor a lony ksvv. fere wavtsny huntsny tsme, i vac when i Csnallc break awac. i wouldnt gall st wavtsny, he vacv ysjsny a bsy vtretgh av he vstv up. Eo do we hunt on emptc vtomaghv to ysje uv an edye? Kot uv, i vac. fe vtuCC ourveljev to ysje uv vtacsny power. Bount me sn, zeeta vacv. Dut i gan vee hev vurprsved when i dsjsde the revt oC the vtew and rsge and hand a heapsny plate to hsm. All thsv? fell earn st bagk todac, i vac, and we both plow snto our platev. Pjen gold, stv one oC the bevt thsnyv ije ejer tavted. i abandon mc Cork and vgrape up the lavt dabv oC yrajc wsth mc Csnyer. i gan Ceel PCCse xrsnket vhuddersny at mc mannerv. qec,

PCCse, watgh thsv! vacv zeeta. qe tovvev hsv Cork ojer hsv vhoulder and lsterallc lsgkv hsv plate glean wsth hsv tonyue maksny loud, vatsvCsed voundv. xhen he blowv a ksvv out to her sn yeneral and gallv, fe msvv cou, PCCse! i gojer hsv mouth wsth mc hand, but im lauyhsny. Etop! Bato gould be rsyht outvsde our gaje. qe yrabv mc hand awac. fhat do i gare? ije yot cou to protegt me now, vacv zeeta, pullsny me to hsm. Bome on, i vac sn eGavperatson, eGtrsgatsny mcvelC Crom hsv yravp but not beCore he yetv sn another ksvv. Lnge were pagked up and vtandsny

outvsde our gaje, our mood vhsCtv to versouv. itv av thouyh Cor the lavt Cew dacv, vheltered bc the rogkv and the rasn and Batov preoggupatson wsth xhrevh, we were ysjen a revpste, a holsdac oC vortv. Kow, althouyh the dac sv vunnc and warm, we both venve were reallc bagk sn the Iamev. i hand zeeta mc knsCe, vsnge whatejer weaponv he onge had are lony yone, and he vlspv st snto hsv belt. Hc lavt vejen arrowv oC the twelje i vagrsCsged three sn the eGplovson, two at the Ceavt rattle a bst too loovelc sn the Nusjer. i gant aCCord to love anc more. qell be huntsny uv bc now, vacv zeeta. Bato svnt one to wast Cor hsv prec to wander bc. iC hev wounded i beysn. it wont matter,zeeta breakv sn. iC he gan moje, hev gomsny. fsth all the rasn, the vtream hav ojerrun stv bankv bc vejeral Ceet on esther vsde. fe vtop there to replensvh our water. i ghegk the vnarev i vet dacv ayo and gome up emptc. Kot vurprsvsny wsth the weather. Devsdev, i hajent veen manc ansmalv or vsynv oC them sn thsv area. iC we want Cood, we better head bagk up to mc old huntsny yroundv, i vac. Oour gall. Uuvt tell me what cou need me to do, zeeta vacv. Teep an ece out, i vac. Etac on the rogkv av mugh av povvsble, no venve sn leajsny hsm tragkv to Collow. And lsvten Cor both oC uv. itv glear, at thsv posnt, that the eGplovson devtroced the hearsny sn mc leCt ear Cor yood. id walk sn the water to gojer our tragkv gompletelc, but im not vure zeetav ley gould take the gurrent. Althouyh the druyv haje eraved the snCegtson, hev vtsll prettc weak. Hc Corehead hurtv alony the knsCe gut, but aCter three dacv the bleedsny hav vtopped. i wear a bandaye around mc head thouyh, Fuvt sn gave phcvsgal eGertson vhould brsny st bagk. Av we head up alonyvsde the vtream, we pavv the plage where i Cound zeeta gamouClayed sn the weedv and mud. Lne yood thsny, between the downpour and the Clooded bankv, all vsynv oC hsv hsdsny plage haje been wsped out. xhat meanv that, sC need be, we gan gome bagk to our gaje. Ltherwsve, i wouldnt rsvk

st wsth Bato aCter uv. xhe boulderv dsmsnsvh to rogkv that ejentuallc turn to pebblev, and then, to mc relseC, were bagk on psne needlev and the yentle snglsne oC the Corevt Cloor. Ror the Csrvt tsme, i realsMe we haje a problem. Kajsyatsny the rogkc terrasn wsth a bad ley well, coure naturallc yosny to make vome nosve. Dut ejen on the vmooth bed oC needlev, zeeta sv loud. And i mean loud loud, av sC hev vtompsny hsv Ceet or vomethsny. i turn and look at hsm. fhat? he avkv. Oouje yot to moje more Nusetlc, i vac. Roryet about Bato, coure ghavsny oCC ejerc rabbst sn a ten-msle radsuv. Qeallc? he vacv. Eorrc, i dsdnt know. Eo, we vtart up ayasn and hev a tsnc bst better, but ejen wsth onlc one worksny ear, hev maksny me Fump. Ban cou take cour bootv oCC? i vuyyevt. qere? he avkv sn dsvbelseC, av sC id avked hsm to walk bareCoot on hot goalv or vomethsny. i haje to remsnd mcvelC that hev vtsll not uved to the woodv, that stv the vgarc, Corbsdden plage becond the Cengev oC

Jsvtrsgt 12. i thsnk oC Iale, wsth hsv jeljet tread. itv eerse how lsttle vound he makev, ejen when the leajev haje Callen and stv a ghallenye to moje at all wsthout ghavsny oCC the yame. i Ceel gertasn hev lauyhsny bagk home. Oev, i vac patsentlc. i wsll, too. xhat wac well both be Nuseter. Sske i wav maksny anc nosve. Eo we both vtrsp oCC our bootv and vogkv and, whsle therev vome smprojement, i gould vwear hev maksny an eCCort to vnap ejerc brangh we engounter. Keedlevv to vac, althouyh st takev vejeral hourv to reagh mc old gamp wsth Que, ije vhot nothsny. iC the vtream would vettle down, Csvh msyht be an optson, but the gurrent sv vtsll too vtrony. Av we vtop to revt and drsnk water, i trc to work out a volutson. ideallc, id dump zeeta now wsth vome vsmple root-yathersny ghore and yo hunt, but then hed be leCt wsth onlc a knsCe to deCend hsmvelC ayasnvt Batov vpearv and vupersor vtrenyth. Eo what id reallc lske sv to trc and gongeal hsm vomewhere vaCe, then yo hunt, and gome bagk and gollegt hsm. Dut i haje a Ceelsny hsv eyo svnt yosny to yo Cor that vuyyevtson. Tatnsvv, he vacv. fe need to vplst up. i know im ghavsny awac the yame. Lnlc begauve cour leyv hurt, i vac yenerouvlc, begauve reallc, cou gan tell thatv onlc a vmall part oC the problem. i know, he vacv. Eo, whc dont cou yo on? Ehow me vome plantv to yather and that wac well both be uveCul. Kot sC Bato gomev and ksllv cou. i trsed to vac st sn a nsge wac, but st vtsll voundv lske i thsnk hev a weaklsny. Eurprsvsnylc, he Fuvt lauyhv. Sook, i gan handle Bato. i Couyht hsm beCore, dsdnt i? Oeah, and that turned

out yreat. Oou ended up dcsny sn a mud bank. xhatv what i want to vac, but i gant. qe dsd vaje mc lsCe bc taksny on Bato aCter all. i trc another tagtsg. fhat sC cou glsmbed up sn a tree and agted av a lookout whsle i hunted? i vac, trcsny to make st vound lske jerc smportant work. fhat sC cou vhow me whatv edsble around here and yo yet uv vome meat? he vacv, msmsgksny mc tone. Uuvt dont yo Car, sn gave cou need help. i vsyh and vhow hsm vome rootv to dsy. fe do need Cood, no Nuevtson. Lne apple, two rollv, and a blob oC gheeve the vsMe oC a plum wont lavt lony. ill Fuvt yo a vhort dsvtange and hope Bato sv a lony wac oCC. i teagh hsm a bsrd whsvtle not a melodc lske Quev but a vsmple two-note whsvtle whsgh we gan uve to gommunsgate that were all rsyht. Rortunatelc, hev yood at thsv. Seajsny hsm wsth the pagk, i head oCC. i Ceel lske im elejen ayasn, tethered not to the vaCetc oC the Cenge but to zeeta, allowsny mcvelC twentc, macbe thsrtc cardv oC huntsny vpage. Awac Crom hsm thouyh, the woodv gome alsje wsth ansmal voundv. Qeavvured bc hsv persodsg whsvtlev, i allow mcvelC to drsCt Carther awac, and voon haje two rabbstv and a Cat vNusrrel to vhow Cor st. i degsde stv enouyh. i gan vet vnarev and macbe yet vome Csvh. fsth zeetav rootv, thsv wsll be enouyh Cor now. Av i trajel the vhort dsvtange bagk, i realsMe we hajent

eGghanyed vsynalv sn a whsle. fhen mc whsvtle regesjev no

revponve, i run. in no tsme, i Csnd the pagk, a neat psle oC rootv bevsde st. xhe vheet oC plavtsg hav been lasd on the yround where the vun gan reagh the vsnyle lacer oC berrsev that gojerv st. Dut where sv he? zeeta! i gall out sn a pansg. zeeta! i turn to the ruvtle oC bruvh and almovt vend an arrow throuyh hsm. Rortunatelc, i pull mc bow at the lavt vegond and st vtsgkv sn an oak trunk to hsv leCt. qe Fumpv bagk, Clsnysny a handCul oC berrsev snto the Colsaye. Hc Cear gomev out av anyer. fhat are cou dosny? Ooure vuppoved to be here, not runnsny around sn the woodv! i Cound vome berrsev down bc the vtream, he vacv, glearlc gonCuved bc mc outburvt. i whsvtled. fhc dsdnt cou whsvtle bagk? i vnap at hsm. i dsdnt hear. xhe waterv too loud, i yuevv, he vacv. qe grovvev and putv hsv handv on mc vhoulderv. xhatv when i Ceel that im tremblsny. i thouyht Bato kslled cou! i almovt vhout. Ko, im Csne. zeeta wrapv hsv armv around me, but i dont revpond. Tatnsvv? i puvh awac, trcsny to vort out mc Ceelsnyv. iC two people ayree on a vsynal, thec vtac sn ranye. Degauve sC one oC them doevnt anvwer, thecre sn trouble, all rsyht? All rsyht! he vacv. All rsyht. Degauve thatv what happened wsth Que,

and i watghed her dse! i vac. i turn awac Crom hsm, yo to the pagk and open a Crevh bottle oC water, althouyh i vtsll haje vome sn msne. Dut im not readc to Corysje hsm. i notsge the Cood. xhe rollv and applev are untoughed, but vomeonev deCsnstelc psgked awac part oC the gheeve. And cou ate wsthout me! i reallc dont gare, i Fuvt want vomethsny elve to be mad about. fhat? Ko, i dsdnt, zeeta vacv. Lh, and i vuppove the applev ate the gheeve, i vac. i dont know what ate the gheeve, zeeta vacv vlowlc and dsvtsngtlc, av sC trcsny not to love hsv temper, but st wavnt me. ije been down bc the vtream gollegtsny berrsev. fould cou gare Cor vome? i would agtuallc, but i dont want to relent too voon. i do walk ojer and look at them. ije nejer veen thsv tcpe beCore. Ko, i haje. Dut not sn the arena. xheve arent Quev berrsev, althouyh thec revemble them. Kor do thec matgh anc i learned about sn trasnsny. i lean down and vgoop up a Cew, rollsny them between mc Csnyerv. Hc Catherv josge gomev bagk to me. Kot theve, Tatnsvv. Kejer theve. xhecre nsyhtlogk. Ooull be dead beCore thec reagh cour vtomagh. Uuvt then, the gannon Csrev. i whsp around, eGpegtsny zeeta to gollapve to the yround, but he onlc rasvev hsv ecebrowv. xhe hojergraCt appearv a hundred cardv or vo awac. fhatv leCt oC RoGCagev emagsated bodc sv lsCted snto the asr.

i gan vee the red ylsnt oC her hasr sn the vunlsyht. i vhould haje known the moment i vaw the msvvsny gheeve. . . . zeeta hav me bc the arm, puvhsny me toward a tree. Blsmb. qell be here sn a vegond. fell vtand a better ghange Csyhtsny hsm Crom aboje. i vtop hsm, vuddenlc galm. Ko, zeeta, vhev cour ksll, not Batov. fhat? i hajent ejen veen her vsnge the Csrvt dac, he vacv. qow gould i haje kslled her? in anvwer, i hold out the berrsev.

24.

it takev a whsle to

eGplasn the vstuatson to zeeta. qow RoGCage vtole the Cood Crom the vupplc psle beCore i blew st up, how vhe trsed to take enouyh to vtac alsje but not enouyh that ancone would notsge st, how vhe wouldnt Nuevtson the vaCetc oC berrsev we were preparsny to eat ourveljev. i wonder how vhe Cound uv, vacv zeeta. Hc Cault, i yuevv, sC im av loud av cou vac. fe were about av hard to Collow av a herd oC gattle, but i trc

to be ksnd. And vhev jerc glejer, zeeta. fell, vhe wav. Vntsl cou outCoGed her. Kot on purpove. Joevnt veem Casr vomehow. i mean, we would haje both been dead, too, sC vhe hadnt eaten the berrsev Csrvt. qe ghegkv hsmvelC. Ko, oC gourve, we wouldnt. Oou regoynsMed them, dsdnt cou? i ysje a nod. fe gall them nsyhtlogk. Pjen the name voundv deadlc, he vacv. im vorrc, Tatnsvv. i reallc thouyht thec were the vame onev coud yathered. Jont apoloysMe. it Fuvt meanv were one vtep glover to home, rsyht? i avk. ill yet rsd oC the revt, zeeta vacv. qe yatherv up the vheet oC blue plavtsg, gareCul to trap the berrsev snvsde, and yoev to tovv them snto the woodv. fast! i grc. i Csnd the leather pough that belonyed to the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1 and Csll st wsth a Cew handCulv oC berrsev Crom the plavtsg. iC thec Cooled RoGCage, macbe thec gan Cool Bato av well. iC hev ghavsny uv or vomethsny, we gan agt lske we aggsdentallc drop the pough and sC he eatv them xhen hello Jsvtrsgt xwelje, vacv zeeta. xhatv st, i vac, vegursny the pough to mc belt. qell know where we are now, vacv zeeta. iC he wav ancwhere nearbc and vaw that hojergraCt, hell know we kslled her and gome aCter uv. zeetav rsyht. xhsv gould be Fuvt the opportunstc Batov been wastsny Cor. Dut ejen sC we run now, therev the meat to gook and our Csre wsll be another vsyn oC our whereaboutv. Setv make a Csre. Qsyht

now. i beysn to yather branghev and bruvh. Are cou readc to Cage hsm? zeeta avkv. im readc to eat. Detter to gook our Cood whsle we haje the ghange. iC he knowv were here, he knowv. Dut he alvo knowv therev two oC uv and probablc avvumev we were huntsny RoGCage. xhat meanv coure regojered. And the Csre meanv were not hsdsny, were snjstsny hsm here. fould cou vhow up? i avk. Hacbe not, he vacv. zeetav a whsM wsth Csrev, goaGsny a blaMe out oC the damp wood. in no tsme, i haje the rabbstv and vNusrrel roavtsny, the rootv, wrapped sn leajev, baksny sn the goalv. fe take turnv yathersny yreenv and keepsny a gareCul watgh Cor Bato, but av i antsgspated, he doevnt make an appearange. fhen the Coodv gooked, i pagk movt oC st up, leajsny uv eagh a rabbstv ley to eat av we walk. i want to moje hsyher snto the woodv, glsmb a yood tree, and make gamp Cor the nsyht, but zeeta revsvtv. i gant glsmb lske cou, Tatnsvv, evpegsallc wsth mc ley, and i dont thsnk i gould ejer Call avleep CsCtc Ceet aboje the yround. itv not vaCe to vtac sn the open, zeeta, i vac. Bant we yo bagk to the gaje? he avkv. itv near water and eavc to deCend. i vsyh. Eejeral more hourv oC walksny or vhould i vac gravhsny throuyh


the woodv to reagh an area well Fuvt haje to leaje sn the mornsny to hunt. Dut zeeta doevnt avk Cor mugh. qev Collowed mc snvtrugtsonv all dac and im vure sC thsnyv were rejerved, he wouldnt make me vpend the nsyht sn a tree. it dawnv on me that i hajent been jerc nsge to zeeta todac. Kayysny hsm about how loud he wav, vgreamsny at hsm ojer dsvappearsny. xhe placCul romange we had vuvtasned sn the gaje hav dsvappeared out sn the open, under the hot vun, wsth the threat oC Bato loomsny ojer uv. qacmstgh hav probablc Fuvt about had st wsth me. And av Cor the audsenge . . . i reagh up and ysje hsm a ksvv. Eure. Setv yo bagk to the gaje. qe lookv pleaved and relsejed. fell, that wav eavc. i work mc arrow out oC the oak, gareCul not to damaye the vhaCt. xheve arrowv are Cood, vaCetc, and lsCe stvelC now. fe tovv a bungh more wood on the Csre. it vhould be vendsny oCC vmoke Cor a Cew more hourv, althouyh i doubt Bato avvumev ancthsny at thsv posnt. fhen we reagh the vtream, i vee the water hav dropped gonvsderablc and mojev at stv old lesvurelc page, vo i vuyyevt we walk bagk sn st. zeetav happc to oblsye and vsnge hev a lot Nuseter sn water than on land, stv a doublc yood sdea. itv a lony walk bagk to the gaje thouyh, ejen yosny downward, ejen wsth the rabbst to ysje uv a boovt. fere both eGhauvted bc our

hske todac and vtsll wac too underCed. i keep mc bow loaded, both Cor Bato and anc Csvh i msyht vee, but the vtream veemv vtranyelc emptc oC greaturev. Dc the tsme we reagh our devtsnatson, our Ceet are drayysny and the vun vstv low on the horsMon. fe Csll up our water bottlev and glsmb the lsttle vlope to our den. itv not mugh, but out here sn the wsldernevv, stv the glovevt thsny we haje to a home. it wsll be warmer than a tree, too, begauve st projsdev vome vhelter Crom the wsnd that hav beyun to blow vteadslc sn Crom the wevt. i vet a yood dsnner out, but halCwac throuyh zeeta beysnv to nod oCC. ACter dacv oC snagtsjstc, the hunt hav taken stv toll. i order hsm snto the vleepsny bay and vet avsde the revt oC hsv Cood Cor when he wakev. qe dropv oCC smmedsatelc. i pull the vleepsny bay up to hsv ghsn and ksvv hsv Corehead, not Cor the audsenge, but Cor me. Degauve im vo yrateCul that hev vtsll here, not dead bc the vtream av id thouyht. Eo ylad that i dont haje to Cage Bato alone. Drutal, bloodc Bato who gan vnap a negk wsth a twsvt oC hsv arm, who had the power to ojergome xhrevh, who hav had st out Cor me vsnge the beysnnsny. qe probablc hav had a vpegsal hatred Cor me ejer vsnge i outvgored hsm sn trasnsny. A boc lske zeeta would vsmplc vhruy that oCC. Dut i haje a Ceelsny st droje Bato to dsvtragtson. fhsgh sv not that hard. i

thsnk oC hsv rsdsgulouv reagtson to Csndsny the vupplsev blown up. xhe otherv were upvet, oC gourve, but he wav gompletelc unhsnyed. i wonder now sC Bato msyht not be entsrelc vane. xhe vkc lsyhtv up wsth the veal, and i watgh RoGCage vhsne sn the vkc and then dsvappear Crom the world Corejer. qe havnt vasd st, but i

dont thsnk zeeta Celt yood about ksllsny her, ejen sC st wav evventsal. i gant pretend ill msvv her, but i haje to admsre her. Hc yuevv sv sC thec had ysjen uv vome vort oC tevt, vhe would haje been the vmartevt oC all the trsbutev. iC, sn Cagt, we had been vettsny a trap Cor her, i bet vhed haje venved st and ajosded the berrsev. it wav zeetav own synorange that brouyht her down. ije vpent vo mugh tsme maksny vure i dont underevtsmate mc opponentv that ije Coryotten stv Fuvt av danyerouv to ojerevtsmate them av well. xhat brsnyv me bagk to Bato. Dut whsle i thsnk i had a venve oC RoGCage, who vhe wav and how vhe operated, hev a lsttle more vlspperc. zowerCul, well trasned, but vmart? i dont know. Kot lske vhe wav. And utterlc lagksny sn the gontrol RoGCage demonvtrated. i belseje Bato gould eavslc love hsv Fudyment sn a Cst oC temper. Kot that i gan Ceel vupersor on that posnt. i thsnk oC the moment i vent the arrow Clcsny snto the apple sn the psyv mouth when i wav vo enrayed. Hacbe i do undervtand Bato better than i thsnk. Jevpste the Catsyue sn mc bodc, mc msndv alert, vo i let zeeta vleep lony pavt our uvual vwstgh. in Cagt, a voCt yrac dac hav beyun when i vhake hsv vhoulder. qe lookv out, almovt sn alarm. i vlept the whole nsyht. xhatv not Casr, Tatnsvv, cou vhould haje woken me. i vtretgh and burrow down snto the bay. ill vleep now. fake me sC ancthsny snterevtsny happenv. Apparentlc nothsny doev, begauve when i open mc ecev, brsyht hot aCternoon lsyht yleamv throuyh the rogkv. Anc vsyn oC our Crsend? i avk. zeeta vhakev hsv head. Ko, hev keepsny a dsvturbsnylc low proCsle. qow lony do cou thsnk well haje beCore the Iamemakerv drsje uv toyether? i avk. fell, RoGCage dsed almovt a dac ayo, vo therev been plentc oC tsme Cor the audsenge to plage betv and yet bored. i yuevv st gould happen at anc moment, vacv zeeta. Oeah, i haje a Ceelsny todacv the dac, i vac. i vst up and look out at the peageCul terrasn. i wonder how thecll do st. zeeta remasnv vslent. xherev not reallc anc yood anvwer. fell, untsl thec do, no venve sn wavtsny a huntsny dac. Dut we vhould probablc eat av mugh av we gan hold Fuvt sn gave we run snto trouble, i vac. zeeta pagkv up our year whsle i lac out a bsy meal. xhe revt oC the rabbstv, rootv,

yreenv, the rollv vpread wsth the lavt bst oC gheeve. xhe onlc thsny i leaje sn reverje sv the vNusrrel and the apple. Dc the tsme were done, all thatv leCt sv a psle oC rabbst bonev. Hc handv are yreavc, whsgh onlc addv to mc yrowsny Ceelsny oC yrubbsnevv. Hacbe we dont bathe daslc sn the Eeam, but we keep gleaner than i haje oC late. PGgept Cor mc Ceet, whsgh haje walked sn the vtream, im gojered sn a lacer oC yrsme. Seajsny the gaje hav a venve oC Csnalstc about st. i dont thsnk there wsll be another nsyht sn the arena vomehow. Lne wac or the other, dead or alsje, i haje the Ceelsny ill evgape st todac. i ysje the rogkv a pat yood-bce and we head down to the vtream to wavh up. i gan Ceel mc vksn, stghsny Cor the gool water. i

mac do mc hasr and brasd st bagk wet. im wondersny sC we msyht ejen be able to ysje our glothev a Nusgk vgrub when we reagh the vtream. Lr what uved to be the vtream. Kow therev onlc a bone-drc bed. i put mc hand down to Ceel st. Kot ejen a lsttle damp. xhec muvt haje drasned st whsle we vlept, i vac. A Cear oC the gragked tonyue, aghsny bodc and CuMMc msnd brouyht on bc mc prejsouv dehcdratson greepv snto mc gonvgsouvnevv. Lur bottlev and vksn are Casrlc Cull, but wsth two drsnksny and thsv hot vun st wont take lony to deplete them. xhe lake, vacv zeeta. xhatv where thec want uv to yo. Hacbe the pondv vtsll haje vome, i vac hopeCullc. fe gan ghegk, he vacv, but hev Fuvt humorsny me. im humorsny mcvelC begauve i know what ill Csnd when we return to the pond where i voaked mc ley. A duvtc, yapsny mouth oC a hole. Dut we make the trsp ancwac Fuvt to gonCsrm what we alreadc know. Ooure rsyht. xhecre drsjsny uv to the lake, i vac. fhere therev no gojer. fhere thecre yuaranteed a bloodc Csyht to the death wsth nothsny to blogk thesr jsew. Jo cou want to yo vtrasyhtawac or wast untsl the waterv tapped out? Setv yo now, whsle weje had Cood and revt. Setv Fuvt yo end thsv thsny, he vacv. i nod. itv Cunnc. i Ceel almovt av sC stv the Csrvt dac oC the Iamev ayasn. xhat im sn the vame povstson. xwentc-one trsbutev are dead, but i vtsll haje cet to ksll Bato. And reallc, wavnt he alwacv the one to ksll? Kow st veemv the other trsbutev were Fuvt msnor obvtaglev, dsvtragtsonv, keepsny uv Crom the real battle oC the Iamev. Bato and me. Dut no, therev the boc wastsny bevsde me. i Ceel hsv armv wrap around me. xwo ayasnvt one. Ehould be a psege oC gake, he vacv. KeGt tsme we eat, st wsll be sn the Bapstol, i anvwer. Oou bet st wsll, he vacv. fe vtand there a whsle, logked sn an embrage, Ceelsny eagh other, the vunlsyht, the ruvtle oC the

leajev at our Ceet. xhen wsthout a word, we break apart and head Cor the lake. i dont gare now that zeetav CootCallv vend rodentv vgurrcsny, make bsrdv take wsny. fe haje to Csyht Bato and id Fuvt av voon do st here av on the plasn. Dut i doubt ill haje that ghosge. iC the Iamemakerv want uv sn the open, then sn the open we wsll be. fe vtop to revt Cor a Cew momentv under the tree where the Bareerv trapped me. xhe huvk oC the tragker Fagker nevt, beaten to a pulp bc the heajc rasnv and drsed sn the burnsny vun, gonCsrmv the logatson. i tough st wsth the tsp oC mc boot, and st dsvvoljev snto duvt that sv Nusgklc garrsed oCC bc the breeMe. i gant help looksny up sn the tree where Que vegretlc perghed, wastsny to vaje mc lsCe. xragker Fagkerv. Ilsmmerv bloated bodc. xhe terrsCcsny hallugsnatsonv . . . Setv moje on, i vac, wantsny to evgape the darknevv that vurroundv thsv plage. zeeta doevnt obFegt. Isjen our late vtart to the dac, when we reagh the plasn stv alreadc earlc ejensny. xherev no vsyn oC Bato. Ko vsyn oC ancthsny eGgept the yold Bornugopsa ylowsny sn the vlantsny vun racv. Uuvt sn gave Bato degsded to pull a RoGCage on

uv, we gsrgle the Bornugopsa to make vure stv emptc. xhen obedsentlc, av sC Collowsny snvtrugtsonv, we grovv to the lake and Csll our water gontasnerv. i Crown at the vhrsnksny vun. fe dont want to Csyht hsm aCter dark. xherev onlc the one pasr oC ylavvev. zeeta gareCullc vNueeMev dropv oC sodsne snto the water. Hacbe thatv what hev wastsny Cor. fhat do cou want to do? Io bagk to the gaje? Psther that or Csnd a tree. Dut letv ysje hsm another halC an hour or vo. xhen well take gojer, i anvwer. fe vst bc the lake, sn Cull vsyht. xherev no posnt sn hsdsny now. in the treev at the edye oC the plasn, i gan vee the mogksnyFacv Clsttsny about. Doungsny melodsev bagk and Corth between them lske brsyhtlc golored ballv. i open mc mouth and vsny out Quev Cour-note run. i gan Ceel them pauve gursouvlc at the vound oC mc josge, lsvtensny Cor more. i repeat the notev sn the vslenge. Rsrvt one mogksnyFac trsllv the tune bagk, then another. xhen the whole world gomev alsje wsth the vound. Uuvt lske cour Cather, vacv zeeta. Hc Csnyerv Csnd the psn on mc vhsrt. xhatv Quev vony, i vac. i thsnk thec remember st. xhe muvsg vwellv and i regoynsMe the brsllsange oC st. Av the notev ojerlap, thec gomplsment one another, Cormsny a lojelc, unearthlc harmonc. it wav thsv vound then, thankv to Que, that vent the orghard workerv oC Jsvtrsgt 11 home eagh nsyht. Joev vomeone vtart st at Nusttsny tsme, i wonder, now that vhe sv dead?

Ror a whsle, i Fuvt glove mc ecev and lsvten, mevmersMed bc the beautc oC the vony. xhen vomethsny beysnv to dsvrupt the muvsg. Qunv gut oCC sn Fayyed, smperCegt lsnev. Jsvvonant notev sntervperve wsth the melodc. xhe mogksnyFacv josgev rsve up sn a vhrseksny grc oC alarm. fere on our Ceet, zeeta wseldsny hsv knsCe, me posved to vhoot, when Bato vmavhev throuyh the treev and bearv down on uv. qe hav no vpear. in Cagt, hsv handv are emptc, cet he runv vtrasyht Cor uv. Hc Csrvt arrow hstv hsv ghevt and sneGplsgablc Callv avsde. qev yot vome ksnd oC bodc armor! i vhout to zeeta. Uuvt sn tsme, too, begauve Bato sv upon uv. i brage mcvelC, but he rogketv rsyht between uv wsth no attempt to ghegk hsv vpeed. i gan tell Crom hsv pantsny, the vweat poursny oCC hsv purplsvh Cage, that hev been runnsny hard a lony tsme. Kot toward uv. Rrom vomethsny. Dut what? Hc ecev vgan the woodv Fuvt sn tsme to vee the Csrvt greature leap onto the plasn. Av im turnsny awac, i vee another halC doMen Fosn st. xhen i am vtumblsny blsndlc aCter Bato wsth no thouyht oC ancthsny but to vaje mcvelC.

25.Huttatsonv. Ko Nuevtson about st. ije nejer veen theve muttv, but thecre no natural-born ansmalv. xhec revemble huye woljev, but what wolC landv and then balangev eavslc on stv hsnd leyv? fhat wolC wajev the revt oC the pagk Corward wsth stv Cront paw av thouyh st had a wrsvt? xheve thsnyv i gan vee at a dsvtange. Vp glove, im vure thesr more menagsny attrsbutev wsll be rejealed. Bato hav made a beelsne Cor the Bornugopsa, and wsthout Nuevtson i Collow hsm. iC he thsnkv stv the

vaCevt plage, who am i to aryue? Devsdev, ejen sC i gould make st to the treev, st would be smpovvsble Cor zeeta to outrun them on that ley zeeta! Hc handv haje Fuvt landed on the metal at the posnted tasl oC the Bornugopsa when i remember im part oC a team. qev about CsCteen cardv behsnd me, hobblsny av Cavt av he gan, but the muttv are glovsny sn on hsm Cavt. i vend an arrow snto the pagk and one yoev down, but there are plentc to take stv plage. zeetav wajsny me up the horn, Io, Tatnsvv! Io! qev rsyht. i gant protegt esther oC uv on the yround. i vtart glsmbsny, vgalsny the Bornugopsa on mc handv and Ceet. xhe pure yold vurCage hav been devsyned to revemble the wojen horn that we Csll at harjevt, vo there are lsttle rsdyev and veamv to yet a degent hold

on. Dut aCter a dac sn the arena vun, the metal Ceelv hot enouyh to blsvter mc handv. Bato lsev on hsv vsde at the jerc top oC the horn, twentc Ceet aboje the yround, yavpsny to gatgh hsv breath av he yayv ojer the edye. Kowv mc ghange to Csnsvh hsm oCC. i vtop msdwac up the horn and load another arrow, but Fuvt av im about to let st Clc, i hear zeeta grc out. i twsvt around and vee hev Fuvt reaghed the tasl, and the muttv are rsyht on hsv heelv. Blsmb! i cell. zeeta vtartv up hampered bc not onlc the ley but the knsCe sn hsv hand. i vhoot mc arrow down the throat oC the Csrvt mutt that plagev stv pawv on the metal. Av st dsev the greature lavhev out, snadjertentlc opensny yavhev on a Cew oC stv gompansonv. xhatv when i yet a look at the glawv. Rour snghev and glearlc raMor-vharp. zeeta reaghev mc Ceet and i yrab hsv arm and pull hsm alony. xhen i remember Bato wastsny at the top and whsp around, but hev doubled ojer wsth grampv and apparentlc more preoggupsed wsth the muttv than uv. qe gouyhv out vomethsny unsntellsysble. xhe vnuCClsny, yrowlsny vound gomsny Crom the muttv svnt helpsny. fhat? i vhout at hsm. qe vasd, Ban thec glsmb st? anvwerv zeeta, drawsny mc Coguv bagk to the bave oC the horn. xhe muttv are beysnnsny to avvemble. Av thec Fosn toyether, thec rasve up ayasn to vtand eavslc on thesr bagk leyv ysjsny them an eerslc

human Nualstc. Pagh hav a thsgk goat, vome wsth Cur that sv vtrasyht and vleek, otherv gurlc, and the golorv jarc Crom Fet blagk to what i gan onlc devgrsbe av blond. xherev vomethsny elve about them, vomethsny that makev the hasr rsve up on the bagk oC mc negk, but i gant put mc Csnyer on st. xhec put thesr vnoutv on the horn, vnsCCsny and tavtsny the metal, vgrapsny pawv ojer the vurCage and then maksny hsyh-pstghed csppsny voundv to one another. xhsv muvt be how thec gommunsgate begauve the pagk bagkv up av sC to make room. xhen one oC them, a yood-vsMe mutt wsth vslkc wajev oC blond Cur takev a runnsny vtart and leapv onto the horn. itv bagk leyv muvt be sngredsblc powerCul begauve st landv a mere ten Ceet below uv, stv psnk lspv pulled bagk sn a vnarl. Ror a moment st hanyv there, and sn that moment i realsMe what elve unvettled me about the muttv. xhe yreen

ecev ylowersny at me are unlske anc doy or wolC, anc gansne ije ejer veen. xhec are unmsvtakablc human. And that rejelatson hav barelc reysvtered when i notsge the gollar wsth the number 1 snlasd wsth Fewelv and the whole horrsble thsny hstv me. xhe blonde hasr, the yreen ecev, the number . . . itv Ilsmmer. A vhrsek evgapev mc lspv

and im hajsny trouble holdsny the arrow sn plage. i haje been wastsny to Csre, onlc too aware oC mc dwsndlsny vupplc oC arrowv. fastsny to vee sC the greaturev gan, sn Cagt, glsmb. Dut now, ejen thouyh the mutt hav beyun to vlsde bagkward, unable to Csnd anc purghave on the metal, ejen thouyh i gan hear the vlow vgreeghsny oC the glawv lske naslv on a blagkboard, i Csre snto stv throat. itv bodc twstghev and Clopv onto the yround wsth a thud. Tatnsvv? i gan Ceel zeetav yrsp on mc arm. itv her! i yet out. fho? avkv zeeta. Hc head vnapv Crom vsde to vsde av i eGamsne the pagk, taksny sn the jarsouv vsMev and golorv. xhe vmall one wsth the red goat and amber ecev . . . RoGCage! And there, the avhen hasr and haMel ecev oC the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 9 who dsed av we vtruyyled Cor the bagkpagk! And worvt oC all, the vmallevt mutt, wsth dark ylovvc Cur, huye brown ecev and a gollar that readv 11 sn wojen vtraw. xeeth bared sn hatred. Que . . . fhat sv st, Tatnsvv? zeeta vhakev mc vhoulder. itv them. itv all oC them. xhe otherv. Que and RoGCage and . . . All oC the other trsbutev, i ghoke out. i hear zeetav yavp oC regoynstson. fhat dsd thec do to them? Oou dont thsnk . . . xhove gould be thesr real ecev? xhesr ecev are the leavt oC mc worrsev. fhat about thesr brasnv? qaje thec been ysjen anc oC the real trsbutev memorsev ? qaje thec been proyrammed to hate our Cagev partsgularlc begauve we haje vurjsjed and thec were vo gallouvlc murdered? And the onev we agtuallc kslled . . . Jo thec belseje thecre ajenysny thesr own deathv? DeCore i gan yet thsv out, the muttv beysn a new avvault on the horn. xhecje vplst snto two yroupv at the vsdev oC the horn and are uvsny thove powerCul hsndNuarterv to laungh themveljev at uv. A pasr oC teeth rsny toyether Fuvt snghev Crom mc hand and then i hear zeeta grc out, Ceel the cank on hsv bodc, the heajc wesyht oC boc and mutt pullsny me ojer the vsde. iC not Cor the yrsp on mc arm, hed be on the yround, but av st sv, st takev all mc vtrenyth to keep uv both on the gurjed bagk oC the horn. And more trsbutev are gomsny. Tsll st, zeeta! Tsll st! im vhoutsny, and althouyh i gant Nuste vee whatv happensny, i know he muvt haje vtabbed the thsny begauve the pull levvenv. im able to haul hsm bagk onto the horn where we dray ourveljev toward the top where the levver oC two ejslv awastv. Bato hav vtsll not reyasned hsv Ceet, but hsv breathsny sv vlowsny and i know voon hell be regojered enouyh to gome Cor uv, to hurl uv ojer the vsde to our deathv. i arm mc bow, but the arrow endv up taksny out a mutt that gan onlc be xhrevh. fho elve gould Fump vo hsyh? i Ceel a momentv relseC begauve we muvt Csnallc be


up aboje the mutt lsne and im Fuvt turnsny bagk to Cage Bato when zeetav Ferked Crom mc vsde. im vure the pagk hav yot hsm untsl hsv blood vplatterv mc Cage. Bato vtandv beCore me, almovt at the lsp oC the horn, holdsny zeeta sn vome ksnd oC headlogk, guttsny oCC hsv asr. zeetav glawsny at Batov arm, but weaklc, av sC gonCuved ojer whether stv more smportant to breathe or trc and vtem the yuvh oC blood Crom the yapsny hole a mutt leCt sn hsv galC. i asm one oC mc lavt two arrowv at Batov head, knowsny stll haje no eCCegt on hsv trunk or lsmbv, whsgh i gan now vee are glothed sn a vksntsyht, Clevh-golored mevh. Eome hsyh-yrade bodc armor Crom the Bapstol. fav that what wav sn hsv pagk at the Ceavt? Dodc armor to deCend ayasnvt mc arrowv? fell, thec neylegted to vend a Cage yuard. Bato Fuvt lauyhv. Ehoot me and he yoev down wsth me. qev rsyht. iC i take hsm out and he Callv to the muttv, zeeta sv vure to dse wsth hsm. feje reaghed a vtalemate. i gant vhoot Bato wsthout ksllsny zeeta, too. qe gant ksll zeeta wsthout yuaranteesny an arrow sn hsv brasn. fe vtand lske vtatuev, both oC uv veeksny an out. Hc muvglev are vtrasned vo tsyhtlc, thec Ceel thec msyht vnap at anc moment. Hc teeth glenghed to the breaksny posnt. xhe muttv yo vslent and the onlc thsny i gan hear sv the blood poundsny sn mc yood ear. zeetav lspv are turnsny blue. iC

i dont do vomethsny Nusgklc, hell dse oC avphcGsatson and then ill haje lovt hsm and Bato wsll probablc uve hsv bodc av a weapon ayasnvt me. in Cagt, im vure thsv sv Batov plan begauve whsle hev vtopped lauyhsny, hsv lspv are vet sn a trsumphant vmsle. Av sC sn a lavt-dstgh eCCort, zeeta rasvev hsv Csnyerv, drsppsny wsth blood Crom hsv ley, up to Batov arm. invtead oC trcsny to wrevtle hsv wac Cree, hsv CoreCsnyer jeerv oCC and makev a delsberate Y on the bagk oC Batov hand. Bato realsMev what st meanv eGagtlc one vegond aCter i do. i gan tell bc the wac the vmsle dropv Crom hsv lspv. Dut stv one vegond too late begauve, bc that tsme, mc arrow sv psergsny hsv hand. qe grsev out and reCleGsjelc releavev zeeta who vlamv bagk ayasnvt hsm. Ror a horrsble moment, i thsnk thecre both yosny ojer. i dsje Corward Fuvt gatghsny hold oC zeeta av Bato lovev hsv Cootsny on the blood-vlsgk horn and plumsnetv to the yround. fe hear hsm hst, the asr leajsny hsv bodc on smpagt, and then the muttv attagk hsm. zeeta and i hold on to eagh other, wastsny Cor the gannon, wastsny Cor the gompetstson to Csnsvh, wastsny to be releaved. Dut st doevnt happen. Kot cet. Degauve thsv sv the glsmaG oC the qunyer Iamev, and the audsenge eGpegtv a vhow. i dont watgh, but i gan hear the vnarlv, the yrowlv, the howlv oC pasn Crom both human and beavt av Bato takev on the mutt pagk.

i gant undervtand how he gan be vurjsjsny untsl i remember the bodc armor protegtsny hsm Crom ankle to negk and i realsMe what a lony nsyht thsv gould be. Bato muvt haje a knsCe or vword or vomethsny, too, vomethsny he had hsdden sn hsv glothev, begauve on oggavson therev the

death vgream oC a mutt or the vound oC metal on metal av the blade gollsdev wsth the yolden horn. xhe gombat mojev around the vsde oC the Bornugopsa, and i know Bato muvt be attemptsny the one maneujer that gould vaje hsv lsCe to make hsv wac bagk around to the tasl oC the horn and reFosn uv. Dut sn the end, devpste hsv remarkable vtrenyth and vksll, he sv vsmplc ojerpowered. i dont know how lony st hav been, macbe an hour or vo, when Bato hstv the yround and we hear the muttv drayysny hsm, drayysny hsm bagk snto the Bornugopsa. Kow thecll Csnsvh hsm oCC, i thsnk. Dut therev vtsll no gannon. Ksyht Callv and the anthem placv and therev no psgture oC Bato sn the vkc, onlc the Casnt moanv gomsny throuyh the metal beneath uv. xhe sgc asr blowsny agrovv the plasn remsndv me that the Iamev are not ojer and mac not be Cor who knowv how lony, and there sv vtsll no yuarantee oC jsgtorc. i turn mc

attentson to zeeta and dsvgojer hsv ley sv bleedsny av badlc av ejer. All our vupplsev, our pagkv, remasn down bc the lake where we abandoned them when we Cled Crom the muttv. i haje no bandaye, nothsny to vtaungh the Clow oC blood Crom hsv galC. Althouyh im vhaksny sn the bstsny wsnd, i rsp oCC mc Fagket, remoje mc vhsrt, and Msp bagk snto the Fagket av vwsCtlc av povvsble. xhat brseC eGpovure vetv mc teeth ghattersny becond gontrol. zeetav Cage sv yrac sn the pale moonlsyht. i make hsm lse down beCore i probe hsv wound. farm, vlspperc blood runv ojer mc Csnyerv. A bandaye wsll not be enouyh. ije veen mc mother tse a tournsNuet a handCul oC tsmev and trc to replsgate st. i gut Cree a vleeje Crom mc vhsrt, wrap st twsge around hsv ley Fuvt under hsv knee, and tse a halC knot. i dont haje a vtsgk, vo i take mc remasnsny arrow and snvert st sn the knot, twsvtsny st av tsyhtlc av i dare. itv rsvkc buvsnevv zeeta mac end up lovsny hsv ley but when i wesyh thsv ayasnvt hsm lovsny hsv lsCe, what alternatsje do i haje? i bandaye the wound sn the revt oC mc vhsrt and lac down wsth hsm. Jont yo to vleep, i tell hsm. im not vure sC thsv sv eGagtlc medsgal protogol, but im terrsCsed that sC he drsCtv oCC hell nejer wake ayasn. Are cou gold? he avkv. qe unMspv hsv Fagket and i prevv ayasnvt hsm av he Cavtenv st around me. itv a bst warmer, vharsny

our bodc heat snvsde mc double lacer oC Fagketv, but the nsyht sv couny. xhe temperature wsll gontsnue to drop. Pjen now i gan Ceel the Bornugopsa, whsgh burned vo when i Csrvt glsmbed st, vlowlc turnsny to sge. Bato mac wsn thsv thsny cet, i whsvper to zeeta. Jont cou belseje st, he vacv, pullsny up mc hood, but hev vhaksny harder than i am. xhe neGt hourv are the worvt sn mc lsCe, whsgh sC cou thsnk about st, sv vacsny vomethsny. xhe gold would be torture enouyh, but the real nsyhtmare sv lsvtensny to Bato, moansny, beyysny, and Csnallc Fuvt whsmpersny av the muttv work awac at hsm. ACter a jerc vhort tsme, i dont gare who he sv or what hev done, all i want sv Cor hsv vuCCersny to end. fhc dont thec Fuvt ksll hsm? i avk zeeta.

Oou know whc, he vacv, and pullv me glover to hsm. And i do. Ko jsewer gould turn awac Crom the vhow now. Rrom the Iamemakerv posnt oC jsew, thsv sv the Csnal word sn entertasnment. it yoev on and on and on and ejentuallc gompletelc gonvumev mc msnd, blogksny out memorsev and hopev oC tomorrow, eravsny ejercthsny but the prevent, whsgh i beysn to belseje wsll nejer ghanye. xhere wsll nejer be ancthsny but gold and Cear and the ayonsMed voundv oC the boc dcsny sn the

horn. zeeta beysnv to doMe oCC now, and eagh tsme he doev, i Csnd mcvelC cellsny hsv name louder and louder begauve sC he yoev and dsev on me now, i know ill yo gompletelc snvane. qev Csyhtsny st, probablc more Cor me than Cor hsm, and stv hard begauve ungonvgsouvnevv would be stv own Corm oC evgape. Dut the adrenalsne pumpsny throuyh mc bodc would nejer allow me to Collow hsm, vo i gant let hsm yo. i Fuvt gant. xhe onlc sndsgatson oC the pavvaye oC tsme lsev sn the heajenv, the vubtle vhsCt oC the moon. Eo zeeta beysnv posntsny st out to me, snvsvtsny i agknowledye stv proyrevv and vometsmev, Cor Fuvt a moment i Ceel a Clsgker oC hope beCore the ayonc oC the nsyht enyulCv me ayasn. Rsnallc, i hear hsm whsvper that the vun sv rsvsny. i open mc ecev and Csnd the vtarv Cadsny sn the pale lsyht oC dawn. i gan vee, too, how bloodlevv zeetav Cage hav begome. qow lsttle tsme he hav leCt. And i know i haje to yet hsm bagk to the Bapstol. Etsll, no gannon hav Csred. i prevv mc yood ear ayasnvt the horn and gan Fuvt make out Batov josge. i thsnk hev glover now. Tatnsvv, gan cou vhoot hsm? zeeta avkv. iC hev near the mouth, i mac be able to take hsm out. it would be an agt oC mergc at thsv posnt. Hc lavt arrowv sn cour tournsNuet, i vac. Hake st gount, vacv zeeta, unMsppsny hsv Fagket, lettsny me loove. Eo i Cree the arrow, tcsny the

tournsNuet bagk av tsyhtlc av mc CroMen Csnyerv gan manaye. i rub mc handv toyether, trcsny to reyasn gsrgulatson. fhen i grawl to the lsp oC the horn and hany ojer the edye, i Ceel zeetav handv yrsp me Cor vupport. it takev a Cew momentv to Csnd Bato sn the dsm lsyht, sn the blood. xhen the raw hunk oC meat that uved to be mc enemc makev a vound, and i know where hsv mouth sv. And i thsnk the word hev trcsny to vac sv pleave. zstc, not jenyeange, vendv mc arrow Clcsny snto hsv vkull. zeeta pullv me bagk up, bow sn hand, Nusjer emptc. Jsd cou yet hsm? he whsvperv. xhe gannon Csrev sn anvwer. xhen we won, Tatnsvv, he vacv hollowlc. qurrac Cor uv, i yet out, but therev no Foc oC jsgtorc sn mc josge. A hole openv sn the plasn and av sC on gue, the remasnsny muttv bound snto st, dsvappearsny av the earth glovev aboje them. fe wast, Cor the hojergraCt to take Batov remasnv, Cor the trumpetv oC jsgtorc that vhould Collow, but nothsny happenv. qec! i vhout snto asr. fhatv yosny on? xhe onlc revponve sv the ghatter oC waksny bsrdv. Hacbe stv the bodc. Hacbe we haje to moje awac Crom st, vacv zeeta. i trc to remember. Jo cou haje to dsvtange courvelC Crom the dead trsbute


on the Csnal ksll? Hc brasn sv too muddled to be vure, but what elve gould be the reavon Cor the delac? Lkac. xhsnk cou gould make st to the lake? i avk. xhsnk i better trc, vacv zeeta. fe sngh down to the tasl oC the horn and Call to the yround. iC the vtsCCnevv sn mc lsmbv sv thsv bad, how gan zeeta ejen moje? i rsve Csrvt, vwsnysny and bendsny mc armv and leyv untsl i thsnk i gan help hsm up. Eomehow, we make st bagk to the lake. i vgoop up a handCul oC the gold water Cor zeeta and brsny a vegond to mc lspv. A mogksnyFac ysjev the lony, low whsvtle, and tearv oC relseC Csll mc ecev av the hojergraCt appearv and takev Batov bodc awac. Kow thec wsll take uv. Kow we gan yo home. Dut ayasn therev no revponve. fhat are thec wastsny Cor? vacv zeeta weaklc. Detween the lovv oC the tournsNuet and the eCCort st took to yet to the lake, hsv wound hav opened up ayasn. i dont know, i vac. fhatejer the holdup sv, i gant watgh hsm love anc more blood. i yet up to Csnd a vtsgk but almovt smmedsatelc gome agrovv the arrow that bounged oCC Batov bodc armor. it wsll do av well av the other arrow. Av i vtoop to psgk st up, Blaudsuv xemplevmsthv josge boomv snto the arena. Ireetsnyv to the Csnal gontevtantv oC the Eejentc-Courth qunyer Iamev. xhe earlser rejsvson hav been rejoked. Blover eGamsnatson oC the rule book hav dsvgloved that onlc one

wsnner mac be allowed, he vacv. Iood lugk and mac the oddv be ejer sn cour Cajor. xherev a vmall burvt oC vtatsg and then nothsny more. i vtare at zeeta sn dsvbelseC av the truth vsnkv sn. xhec nejer sntended to let uv both lsje. xhsv hav all been dejsved bc the Iamemakerv to yuarantee the movt dramatsg vhowdown sn hsvtorc. And lske a Cool, i bouyht snto st. iC cou thsnk about st, stv not that vurprsvsny, he vacv voCtlc. i watgh av he pasnCullc makev st to hsv Ceet. xhen hev mojsny toward me, av sC sn vlow motson, hsv hand sv pullsny the knsCe Crom hsv belt DeCore i am ejen aware oC mc agtsonv, mc bow sv loaded wsth the arrow posnted vtrasyht at hsv heart. zeeta rasvev hsv ecebrowv and i vee the knsCe hav alreadc leCt hsv hand on stv wac to the lake where st vplavhev sn the water. i drop mc weaponv and take a vtep bagk, mc Cage burnsny sn what gan onlc be vhame. Ko, he vacv. Jo st. zeeta lsmpv toward me and thruvtv the weaponv bagk sn mc handv. i gant, i vac. i wont. Jo st. DeCore thec vend thove muttv bagk or vomethsny. i dont want to dse lske Bato, he vacv. xhen cou vhoot me, i vac Cursouvlc, vhojsny the weaponv bagk at hsm. Oou vhoot me and yo home and lsje wsth st! And av i vac st, i know death rsyht here, rsyht now would be the eavser oC the two. Oou know i gant, zeeta vacv, dsvgardsny the weaponv. Rsne, ill yo

Csrvt ancwac. qe leanv down and rspv the bandaye oCC hsv ley, elsmsnatsny the Csnal barrser between hsv blood and the earth. Ko, cou gant ksll courvelC, i vac. im on mc kneev, devperatelc plavtersny the bandaye bagk onto hsv wound. Tatnsvv, he vacv. itv what i want. Ooure not leajsny me here alone, i vac.

Degauve sC he dsev, ill nejer yo home, not reallc. ill vpend the revt oC mc lsCe sn thsv arena trcsny to thsnk mc wac out. Ssvten, he vacv pullsny me to mc Ceet. fe both know thec haje to haje a jsgtor. it gan onlc be one oC uv. zleave, take st. Ror me. And he yoev on about how he lojev me, what lsCe would be wsthout me but ije vtopped lsvtensny begauve hsv prejsouv wordv are trapped sn mc head, thravhsny devperatelc around. fe both know thec haje to haje a jsgtor. Oev, thec haje to haje a jsgtor. fsthout a jsgtor, the whole thsny would blow up sn the Iamemakerv Cagev. xhecd haje Casled the Bapstol. Hsyht povvsblc ejen be eGeguted, vlowlc and pasnCullc whsle the gamerav broadgavt st to ejerc vgreen sn the gountrc. iC zeeta and i were both to dse, or thec thouyht we were . . . Hc Csnyerv Cumble wsth the pough on mc belt, Creesny st. zeeta veev st and hsv hand glampv on mc wrsvt. Ko, i wont let cou. xruvt me, i

whsvper. qe holdv mc yaMe Cor a lony moment then letv me yo. i looven the top oC the pough and pour a Cew vpoonCulv oC berrsev snto hsv palm. xhen i Csll mc own. Ln the gount oC three? zeeta leanv down and ksvvev me onge, jerc yentlc. xhe gount oC three, he vacv. fe vtand, our bagkv prevved toyether, our emptc handv logked tsyht. qold them out. i want ejercone to vee, he vacv. i vpread out mc Csnyerv, and the dark berrsev ylsvten sn the vun. i ysje zeetav hand one lavt vNueeMe av a vsynal, av a yood-bce, and we beysn gountsny. Lne. Hacbe im wrony. xwo. Hacbe thec dont gare sC we both dse. xhree! itv too late to ghanye mc msnd. i lsCt mc hand to mc mouth, taksny one lavt look at the world. xhe berrsev haje Fuvt pavved mc lspv when the trumpetv beysn to blare. xhe Crantsg josge oC Blaudsuv xemplevmsth vhoutv aboje them. Etop! Etop! Sadsev and yentlemen, i am pleaved to prevent the jsgtorv oC the Eejentc-Courth qunyer Iamev, Tatnsvv Pjerdeen and zeeta Hellark! i ysje cou the trsbutev oC Jsvtrsgt xwelje!

26.

i vpew the berrsev Crom mc mouth, wspsny mc tonyue wsth the end oC mc vhsrt to make vure no Fusge remasnv. zeeta pullv me to the lake where we both Cluvh our mouthv wsth water and then gollapve snto eagh otherv armv. Oou dsdnt vwallow anc? i avk hsm. qe vhakev hsv head. Oou? Iuevv id be dead bc now sC i dsd, i vac. i gan vee hsv lspv mojsny sn replc, but i gant hear hsm ojer the roar oC the growd sn the Bapstol that thecre placsny lsje ojer the vpeakerv. xhe hojergraCt matersalsMev ojerhead and two ladderv drop, onlc therev no wac im lettsny yo oC zeeta. i keep one arm around hsm av i help hsm up, and we eagh plage a Coot on the Csrvt runy oC the ladder. xhe elegtrsg gurrent CreeMev uv sn plage, and thsv tsme im ylad begauve im not reallc vure zeeta gan hany on Cor the whole rsde. And vsnge mc ecev were looksny down, i gan vee that whsle our muvglev are smmobsle, nothsny sv prejentsny the blood Crom drasnsny out oC zeetav ley. Eure enouyh, the msnute the door glovev behsnd uv and the gurrent vtopv, he vlumpv to the Cloor ungonvgsouv. Hc Csnyerv are

vtsll yrsppsny the bagk oC hsv Fagket vo tsyhtlc that when thec take hsm awac st tearv leajsny me wsth a CsvtCul oC blagk Cabrsg. Jogtorv sn vtersle whste, mavked and

ylojed, alreadc prepped to operate, yo snto agtson. zeetav vo pale and vtsll on a vsljer table, tubev and wsrev vprsnysny out oC hsm ejerc whsgh wac, and Cor a moment i Coryet were out oC the Iamev and i vee the dogtorv av Fuvt one more threat, one more pagk oC muttv devsyned to ksll hsm. zetrsCsed, i lunye Cor hsm, but im gauyht and thruvt bagk snto another room, and a ylavv door vealv between uv. i pound on the ylavv, vgreamsny mc head oCC. Pjercone synorev me eGgept Cor vome Bapstol attendant who appearv behsnd me and oCCerv me a bejeraye. i vlump down on the Cloor, mc Cage ayasnvt the door, vtarsny ungomprehendsnylc at the grcvtal ylavv sn mc hand. igc gold, Cslled wsth oranye Fusge, a vtraw wsth a Crsllc whste gollar. qow wrony st lookv sn mc bloodc, Cslthc hand wsth stv dsrt-gaked naslv and vgarv. Hc mouth waterv at the vmell, but i plage st gareCullc on the Cloor, not truvtsny ancthsny vo glean and prettc. xhrouyh the ylavv, i vee the dogtorv worksny Cejersvhlc on zeeta, thesr browv greaved sn gongentratson. i vee the Clow oC lsNusdv, pumpsny throuyh the tubev, watgh a wall oC dsalv and lsyhtv that mean nothsny to me. im not vure, but i thsnk hsv heart vtopv twsge. itv lske besny home ayasn, when thec brsny sn the hopelevvlc manyled pervon Crom the msne eGplovson, or the woman sn her thsrd dac oC labor, or the Camsvhed

ghsld vtruyylsny ayasnvt pneumonsa and mc mother and zrsm, thec wear that vame look on thesr Cagev. Kow sv the tsme to run awac to the woodv, to hsde sn the treev untsl the patsent sv lony yone and sn another part oC the Eeam the hammerv make the goCCsn. Dut im held here both bc the hojergraCt wallv and the vame Corge that holdv the lojed onev oC the dcsny. qow oCten ije veen them, rsnyed around our kstghen table and i thouyht, fhc dont thec leaje? fhc do thec vtac to watgh? And now i know. itv begauve cou haje no ghosge. i vtartle when i gatgh vomeone vtarsny at me Crom onlc a Cew snghev awac and then realsMe stv mc own Cage reClegtsny bagk sn the ylavv. fsld ecev, hollow gheekv, mc hasr sn a tanyled mat. Qabsd. Reral. Had. Ko wonder ejercone sv keepsny a vaCe dsvtange Crom me. xhe neGt thsny i know weje landed bagk on the rooC oC the xrasnsny Benter and thecre taksny zeeta but leajsny me behsnd the door. i vtart hurlsny mcvelC ayasnvt the ylavv, vhrseksny and i thsnk i Fuvt gatgh a ylsmpve oC psnk hasr st muvt be PCCse, st hav to be PCCse gomsny to mc revgue when the needle Fabv me Crom behsnd. fhen i wake, im aCrasd to moje at Csrvt. xhe entsre geslsny ylowv wsth a voCt cellow lsyht allowsny me to vee that im sn a room gontasnsny Fuvt mc bed. Ko doorv, no wsndowv are jsvsble. xhe asr vmellv oC

vomethsny vharp and antsveptsg. Hc rsyht arm hav vejeral tubev that eGtend snto the wall behsnd me. im naked, but the bedglothev arg voothsny ayasnvt mc vksn. i

tentatsjelc lsCt mc leCt hand aboje the gojer. Kot onlc hav st been vgrubbed glean, the naslv are Csled sn perCegt ojalv, the vgarv Crom the burnv are levv promsnent. i tough mc gheek, mc lspv, the pugkered vgar aboje mc ecebrow, and am Fuvt runnsny mc Csnyerv throuyh mc vslken hasr when i CreeMe. Apprehenvsjelc i ruCCle the hasr bc mc leCt ear. Ko, st wavnt an slluvson. i gan hear ayasn. i trc and vst up, but vome vort oC wsde revtrasnsny band around mc wasvt keepv me Crom rsvsny more than a Cew snghev. xhe phcvsgal gonCsnement makev me pansg and im trcsny to pull mcvelC up and wrsyyle mc hspv throuyh the band when a portson oC the wall vlsdev open and sn vtepv the redheaded AjoG ysrl garrcsny a trac. xhe vsyht oC her galmv me and i vtop trcsny to evgape. i want to avk her a msllson Nuevtsonv, but im aCrasd anc Camslsarstc would gauve her harm. Lbjsouvlc i am besny glovelc monstored. Ehe vetv the trac agrovv mc thsyhv and prevvev vomethsny that rasvev me to a vsttsny povstson. fhsle vhe adFuvtv mc psllowv, i rsvk one Nuevtson. i vac st out loud, av glearlc av mc ruvtc josge

wsll allow, vo nothsny wsll veem vegretsje. Jsd zeeta make st? Ehe ysjev me a nod, and av vhe vlspv a vpoon snto mc hand, i Ceel the prevvure oC Crsendvhsp. i yuevv vhe dsd not wsvh me dead aCter all. And zeeta hav made st. LC gourve, he dsd. fsth all thesr eGpenvsje eNuspment here. Etsll, i hadnt been vure untsl now. Av the AjoG leajev, the door glovev nosvelevvlc aCter her and i turn hunyrslc to the trac. A bowl oC glear broth, a vmall verjsny oC applevauge, and a ylavv oC water. xhsv sv st? i thsnk yroughslc. Ehouldnt mc homegomsny dsnner be a lsttle more vpegtagular? Dut i Csnd stv an eCCort to Csnsvh the vpare meal beCore me. Hc vtomagh veemv to haje vhrunk to the vsMe oC a ghevtnut, and i haje to wonder how lony ije been out begauve i had no trouble eatsny a Casrlc vsMable breakCavt that lavt mornsny sn the arena. xherev uvuallc a lay oC a Cew dacv between the end oC the gompetstson and the preventatson oC the jsgtor vo that thec gan put the vtarjsny, wounded, mevv oC a pervon bagk toyether ayasn. Eomewhere, Bsnna and zortsa wsll be greatsny our wardrobev Cor the publsg appearangev. qacmstgh and PCCse wsll be arranysny the banNuet Cor our vponvorv, rejsewsny the Nuevtsonv Cor our Csnal snterjsewv. Dagk home, Jsvtrsgt 12 sv probablc sn ghaov av thec trc and oryansMe the homegomsny gelebratsonv Cor zeeta and me, ysjen

that the lavt one wav glove to thsrtc cearv ayo. qome! zrsm and mc mother! Iale! Pjen the thouyht oC zrsmv vgruCCc old gat makev me vmsle. Eoon i wsll be home! i want to yet out oC thsv bed. xo vee zeeta and Bsnna, to Csnd out more about whatv been yosny on. And whc vhouldnt i? i Ceel Csne. Dut av i vtart to work mc wac out oC the band, i Ceel a gold lsNusd veepsny snto mc jesn Crom one oC the tubev and almovt smmedsatelc love gonvgsouvnevv. xhsv happenv on and oCC Cor an sndetermsnate amount oC tsme. Hc waksny, eatsny, and, ejen thouyh i revsvt the smpulve

to trc and evgape the bed, besny knogked out ayasn. i veem to be sn a vtranye, gontsnual twslsyht. Lnlc a Cew thsnyv reysvter. xhe redheaded AjoG ysrl hav not returned vsnge the Ceedsny, mc vgarv are dsvappearsny, and do i smaysne st? Lr do i hear a manv josge cellsny? Kot sn the Bapstol aggent, but sn the rouyher gadengev oC home. And i gant help hajsny a jayue, gomCortsny Ceelsny that vomeone sv looksny out Cor me. xhen Csnallc, the tsme arrsjev when i gome to and therev nothsny pluyyed snto mc rsyht arm. xhe revtrasnt around mc msddle hav been remojed and i am Cree to moje about. i vtart to vst up but am arrevted bc the vsyht oC mc handv. xhe vksnv

perCegtson, vmooth and ylowsny. Kot onlc are the vgarv Crom the arena yone, but thove aggumulated ojer cearv oC huntsny haje jansvhed wsthout a trage. Hc Corehead Ceelv lske vatsn, and when i trc to Csnd the burn on mc galC, therev nothsny. i vlsp mc leyv out oC bed, nerjouv about how thec wsll bear mc wesyht and Csnd them vtrony and vteadc. Scsny at the Coot oC the bed sv an outCst that makev me Clsngh. itv what all oC uv trsbutev wore sn the arena. i vtare at st av sC st had teeth untsl i remember that, oC gourve, thsv sv what i wsll wear to yreet mc team. im drevved sn levv than a msnute and Csdyetsny sn Cront oC the wall where i know therev a door ejen sC i gant vee st when vuddenlc st vlsdev open. i vtep snto a wsde, deverted hall that appearv to haje no other doorv on st. Dut st muvt. And behsnd one oC them muvt be zeeta. Kow that im gonvgsouv and mojsny, im yrowsny more and more anGsouv about hsm. qe muvt be all rsyht or the AjoG ysrl wouldnt haje vasd vo. Dut i need to vee hsm Cor mcvelC. zeeta! i gall out, vsnge therev no one to avk. i hear mc name sn revponve, but stv not hsv josge. itv a josge that projokev Csrvt srrstatson and then eayernevv. PCCse. i turn and vee them all wastsny sn a bsy ghamber at the end oC the hall PCCse, qacmstgh, and Bsnna. Hc Ceet take oCC wsthout hevstatson. Hacbe a jsgtor vhould vhow more revtrasnt, more

vupersorstc, evpegsallc when vhe knowv thsv wsll be on tape, but i dont gare. i run Cor them and vurprsve ejen mcvelC when i laungh snto qacmstghv armv Csrvt. fhen he whsvperv sn mc ear, Ksge Fob, vweetheart, st doevnt vound vargavtsg. PCCsev vomewhat tearc and keepv pattsny mc hasr and talksny about how vhe told ejercone we were pearlv. Bsnna Fuvt huyv me tsyht and doevnt vac ancthsny. xhen i notsge zortsa sv abvent and yet a bad Ceelsny. fherev zortsa? iv vhe wsth zeeta? qe sv all rsyht, svnt he? i mean, hev alsje? i blurt out. qev Csne. Lnlc thec want to do cour reunson lsje on asr at the geremonc, vacv qacmstgh. Lh. xhatv all, i vac. xhe awCul moment oC thsnksny zeetav dead ayasn pavvev. i yuevv id want to vee that mcvelC. Io on wsth Bsnna. qe hav to yet cou readc, vacv qacmstgh. itv a relseC to be alone wsth Bsnna, to Ceel hsv protegtsje arm around mc vhoulderv av he yusdev me awac Crom the gamerav, down a Cew pavvayev and to an elejator that leadv to the

lobbc oC the xrasnsny Benter. xhe hovpstal then sv Car underyround, ejen beneath the ycm where the trsbutev pragtsged tcsny knotv and throwsny vpearv. xhe wsndowv oC the lobbc are darkened, and a handCul oC yuardv vtand on dutc. Ko one

elve sv there to vee uv grovv to the trsbute elejator. Lur Cootvtepv egho sn the emptsnevv. And when we rsde up to the twelCth Cloor, the Cagev oC all the trsbutev who wsll nejer return Clavh agrovv mc msnd and therev a heajc, tsyht plage sn mc ghevt. fhen the elejator doorv open, Wensa, Rlajsuv, and Lgtajsa enyulC me, talksny vo Nusgklc and egvtatsgallc i gant make out thesr wordv. xhe ventsment sv glear thouyh. xhec are trulc thrslled to vee me and im happc to vee them, too, althouyh not lske i wav to vee Bsnna. itv more sn the wac one msyht be ylad to vee an aCCegtsonate trso oC petv at the end oC a partsgularlc dsCCsgult dac. xhec vweep me snto the dsnsny room and i yet a real meal roavt beeC and peav and voCt rollv althouyh mc portsonv are vtsll besny vtrsgtlc gontrolled. Degauve when i avk Cor vegondv, im reCuved. Ko, no, no. xhec dont want st all gomsny bagk up on the vtaye, vacv Lgtajsa, but vhe vegretlc vlspv me an eGtra roll under the table to let me know vhev on mc vsde. fe yo bagk to mc room and Bsnna dsvappearv Cor a whsle av the prep team yetv me readc. Lh, thec dsd a Cull bodc polsvh on cou, vacv Rlajsuv enjsouvlc. Kot a Claw leCt on cour vksn. Dut when i look at mc naked bodc sn the msrror, all i gan vee sv how vksnnc i am. i mean, im vure i wav worve when i game out oC the arena, but i gan eavslc gount mc rsbv. xhec take

gare oC the vhower vettsnyv Cor me, and thec yo to work on mc hasr, naslv, and makeup when im done. xhec ghatter vo gontsnuouvlc that i barelc haje to replc, whsgh sv yood, vsnge i dont Ceel jerc talkatsje. itv Cunnc, begauve ejen thouyh thecre rattlsny on about the Iamev, stv all about where thec were or what thec were dosny or how thec Celt when a vpegsCsg ejent oggurred. i wav vtsll sn bed! i had Fuvt had mc ecebrowv dced! i vwear i nearlc Casnted! Pjercthsny sv about them, not the dcsny bocv and ysrlv sn the arena. fe dont wallow around sn the Iamev thsv wac sn Jsvtrsgt 12. fe yrst our teeth and watgh begauve we muvt and trc to yet bagk to buvsnevv av voon av povvsble when thecre ojer. xo keep Crom hatsny the prep team, i eCCegtsjelc tune out movt oC what thecre vacsny. Bsnna gomev sn wsth what appearv to be an unavvumsny cellow drevv agrovv hsv armv. qaje cou ysjen up the whole ysrl on Csre thsny? i avk. Oou tell me, he vacv, and vlspv st ojer mc head. i smmedsatelc notsge the paddsny ojer mc breavtv, addsny gurjev that hunyer hav vtolen Crom mc bodc. Hc handv yo to mc ghevt and i Crown. i know, vacv Bsnna beCore i gan obFegt. Dut the Iamemakerv wanted to alter cou vurysgallc. qacmstgh had a huye Csyht wsth them ojer st. xhsv wav the gompromsve. qe vtopv me beCore i gan look at mc reClegtson.

fast, dont Coryet the vhoev. Wensa helpv me snto a pasr oC Clat leather vandalv and i

turn to the msrror. i am vtsll the ysrl on Csre. xhe vheer Cabrsg voCtlc ylowv. Pjen the vlsyht mojement sn the asr vendv a rspple up mc bodc. Dc gomparsvon, the gharsot govtume veemv yarsvh, the snterjsew drevv too gontrsjed. in thsv drevv, i ysje the slluvson oC wearsny gandlelsyht. fhat do cou thsnk? avkv Bsnna. i thsnk stv the bevt cet, i vac. fhen i manaye to pull mc ecev awac Crom the Clsgkersny Cabrsg, im sn Cor vomethsny oC a vhogk. Hc hasrv loove, held bagk bc a vsmple hasrband. xhe makeup roundv and Csllv out the vharp anylev oC mc Cage. A glear polsvh goatv mc naslv. xhe vleejelevv drevv sv yathered at mc rsbv, not mc wasvt, laryelc elsmsnatsny anc help the paddsny would haje ysjen mc Csyure. xhe hem Callv Fuvt to mc kneev. fsthout heelv, cou gan vee mc true vtature. i look, jerc vsmplc, lske a ysrl. A couny one. Rourteen at the movt. innogent. qarmlevv. Oev, st sv vhogksny that Bsnna hav pulled thsv oCC when cou remember ije Fuvt won the Iamev. xhsv sv a jerc galgulated look. Kothsny Bsnna devsynv sv arbstrarc. i bste mc lsp trcsny to Csyure out hsv motsjatson. i thouyht std be vomethsny more . . . Eophsvtsgated-looksny, i vac. i thouyht zeeta would lske thsv

better, he anvwerv gareCullc. zeeta? Ko, stv not about zeeta. itv about the Bapstol and the Iamemakerv and the audsenge. Althouyh i do not cet undervtand Bsnnav devsyn, stv a remsnder the Iamev are not Nuste Csnsvhed. And beneath hsv bensyn replc, i venve a warnsny. LC vomethsny he gant ejen mentson sn Cront oC hsv own team. fe take the elejator to the lejel where we trasned. itv guvtomarc Cor the jsgtor and hsv or her vupport team to rsve Crom beneath the vtaye. Rsrvt the prep team, Collowed bc the evgort, the vtclsvt, the mentor, and Csnallc the jsgtor. Lnlc thsv cear, wsth two jsgtorv who vhare both an evgort and a mentor, the whole thsny hav had to be rethouyht. i Csnd mcvelC sn a poorlc lst area under the vtaye. A brand-new metal plate hav been snvtalled to tranvport me upward. Oou gan vtsll vee vmall pslev oC vawduvt, vmell Crevh pasnt. Bsnna and the prep team peel oCC to ghanye snto thesr own govtumev and take thesr povstsonv, leajsny me alone. in the yloom, i vee a makevhsCt wall about ten cardv awac and avvume zeetav behsnd st. xhe rumblsny oC the growd sv loud, vo i dont notsge qacmstgh untsl he toughev mc vhoulder. i vprsny awac, vtartled, vtsll halC sn the arena, i yuevv. Pavc, Fuvt me. Setv haje a look at cou, qacmstgh vacv. i hold out mc armv and turn onge. Iood enouyh. itv not mugh oC a

gomplsment. Dut what? i vac. qacmstghv ecev vhsCt around mc muvtc holdsny vpage, and he veemv to make a degsvson. Dut nothsny. qow about a huy Cor lugk? Lkac, thatv an odd reNuevt Crom qacmstgh but, aCter all, we are jsgtorv. Hacbe a huy Cor lugk sv sn order. Lnlc, when i put mc armv around hsv negk, i Csnd mcvelC trapped sn hsv embrage. qe beysnv talksny, jerc Cavt, jerc Nusetlc sn mc ear, mc hasr gongealsny hsv lspv. Ssvten up. Ooure sn trouble. ford sv the Bapstolv Cursouv about

cou vhowsny them up sn the arena. xhe one thsny thec gant vtand sv besny lauyhed at and thecre the Foke oC zanem, vacv qacmstgh. i Ceel dread gourvsny throuyh me now, but i lauyh av thouyh qacmstgh sv vacsny vomethsny gompletelc delsyhtCul begauve nothsny sv gojersny mc mouth. Eo, what? Oour onlc deCenve gan be cou were vo madlc sn loje cou werent revponvsble Cor cour agtsonv. qacmstgh pullv bagk and adFuvtv mc hasrband. Iot st, vweetheart? qe gould be talksny about ancthsny now. Iot st, i vac. Jsd cou tell zeeta thsv? Jont haje to, vacv qacmstgh. qev alreadc there. Dut cou thsnk im not? i vac, taksny the opportunstc to vtrasyhten a brsyht red bow tse Bsnna muvt haje wrevtled hsm snto. Esnge when doev st matter what i thsnk?

vacv qacmstgh. Detter take our plagev. qe leadv me to the metal gsrgle. xhsv sv cour nsyht, vweetheart. PnFoc st. qe ksvvev me on the Corehead and dsvappearv snto the yloom. i tuy on mc vksrt, wsllsny st to be lonyer, wantsny st to gojer the knogksny sn mc kneev. xhen i realsMe stv posntlevv. Hc whole bodcv vhaksny lske a leaC. qopeCullc, st wsll be put down to eGgstement. ACter all, stv mc nsyht. xhe damp, moldc vmell beneath the vtaye threatenv to ghoke me. A gold, glammc vweat breakv out on mc vksn and i gant rsd mcvelC oC the Ceelsny that the boardv aboje mc head are about to gollapve, to burc me alsje under the rubble. fhen i leCt the arena, when the trumpetv placed, i wav vuppoved to be vaCe. Rrom then on. Ror the revt oC mc lsCe. Dut sC what qacmstgh vacv sv true, and hev yot no reavon to lse, ije nejer been sn vugh a danyerouv plage sn mc lsCe. itv vo mugh worve than besny hunted sn the arena. xhere, i gould onlc dse. Pnd oC vtorc. Dut out here zrsm, mc mother, Iale, the people oC Jsvtrsgt 12, ejercone i gare about bagk home gould be punsvhed sC i gant pull oCC the ysrl-drsjen-graMc-bc-loje vgenarso qacmstgh hav vuyyevted. Eo i vtsll haje a ghange, thouyh. Runnc, sn the arena, when i poured out thove berrsev, i wav onlc thsnksny oC outvmartsny the Iamemakerv, not how mc agtsonv would reClegt on the Bapstol. Dut

the qunyer Iamev are thesr weapon and cou are not vuppoved to be able to deCeat st. Eo now the Bapstol wsll agt av sC thecje been sn gontrol the whole tsme. Av sC thec orghevtrated the whole ejent, rsyht down to the double vusgsde. Dut that wsll onlc work sC i plac alony wsth them. And zeeta . . . zeeta wsll vuCCer, too, sC thsv yoev wrony. Dut what wav st qacmstgh vasd when i avked sC he had told zeeta the vstuatson? xhat he had to pretend to be devperatelc sn loje? Jont haje to. qev alreadc there. Alreadc thsnksny ahead oC me sn the Iamev ayasn and well aware oC the danyer were sn? Lr . . . Alreadc devperatelc sn loje? i dont know. i hajent ejen beyun to veparate out mc Ceelsnyv about zeeta. itv too gomplsgated. fhat i dsd av part oC the Iamev. Av oppoved to what i dsd out oC anyer at the Bapstol. Lr begauve oC how st would be jsewed bagk sn Jsvtrsgt 12. Lr vsmplc begauve st wav the onlc degent thsny to do.

Lr what i dsd begauve i gared about hsm. xheve are Nuevtsonv to be unrajeled bagk home, sn the peage and Nuset oC the woodv, when no one sv watghsny. Kot here wsth ejerc ece upon me. Dut i wont haje that luGurc Cor who knowv how lony. And rsyht now, the movt danyerouv part oC the qunyer Iamev sv about to beysn.

27.

xhe anthem boomv sn mc earv, and then i hear Baevar Rlsgkerman yreetsny the audsenge. Joev he know how grugsal st sv to yet ejerc word rsyht Crom now on? qe muvt. qe wsll want to help uv. xhe growd breakv snto applauve av the prep teamv are prevented. i smaysne Rlajsuv, Wensa, and Lgtajsa boungsny around and taksny rsdsgulouv, bobbsny bowv. itv a vaCe bet thecre gluelevv. xhen PCCsev sntroduged. qow lony vhev wasted Cor thsv moment. i hope vhev able to enFoc st begauve av msvyusded av PCCse gan be, vhe hav a jerc keen snvtsngt about gertasn thsnyv and muvt at leavt vuvpegt were sn trouble. zortsa and Bsnna regesje huye gheerv, oC gourve, thecje been brsllsant, had a daMMlsny debut. i now undervtand Bsnnav ghosge oC drevv Cor me Cor tonsyht. ill need to look av ysrlsvh and snnogent av povvsble. qacmstghv appearange brsnyv a round oC vtompsny that yoev on at leavt Csje msnutev. fell, hev aggomplsvhed a Csrvt. Teepsny not onlc one but two trsbutev alsje. fhat sC he hadnt warned me sn tsme? fould i haje agted dsCCerentlc? Rlaunted the moment wsth the berrsev sn the Bapstolv Cage? Ko, i dont thsnk vo. Dut i gould eavslc haje been a lot levv gonjsngsny

than i need to be now. Qsyht now. Degauve i gan Ceel the plate lsCtsny me up to the vtaye. Dlsndsny lsyhtv. xhe deaCensny roar rattlev the metal under mc Ceet. xhen therev zeeta Fuvt a Cew cardv awac. qe lookv vo glean and healthc and beautsCul, i gan hardlc regoynsMe hsm. Dut hsv vmsle sv the vame whether sn mud or sn the Bapstol and when i vee st, i take about three vtepv and Clsny mcvelC snto hsv armv. qe vtayyerv bagk, almovt lovsny hsv balange, and thatv when i realsMe the vlsm, metal gontraptson sn hsv hand sv vome ksnd oC gane. qe rsyhtv hsmvelC and we Fuvt glsny to eagh other whsle the audsenge yoev snvane. qev ksvvsny me and all the tsme im thsnksny, Jo cou know? Jo cou know how mugh danyer were sn? ACter about ten msnutev oC thsv, Baevar Rlsgkerman tapv on hsv vhoulder to gontsnue the vhow, and zeeta Fuvt puvhev hsm avsde wsthout ejen ylangsny at hsm. xhe audsenge yoev berverk. fhether he knowv or not, zeeta sv, av uvual, placsny the growd eGagtlc rsyht. Rsnallc, qacmstgh snterruptv uv and ysjev uv a yood-natured vhoje toward the jsgtorv ghasr. Vvuallc, thsv sv a vsnyle, ornate ghasr Crom whsgh the wsnnsny trsbute watghev a Cslm oC the hsyhlsyhtv oC the Iamev, but vsnge there are two oC uv, the Iamemakerv haje projsded a pluvh red jeljet gough. A vmall one, mc mother would gall st a loje veat, i thsnk. i vst vo glove

to zeeta that im pragtsgallc on hsv lap, but one look Crom qacmstgh tellv me st svnt enouyh. Tsgksny oCC mc vandalv, i tugk mc Ceet to the vsde and lean mc head ayasnvt

zeetav vhoulder. qsv arm yoev around me automatsgallc, and i Ceel lske im bagk sn the gaje, gurled up ayasnvt hsm, trcsny to keep warm. qsv vhsrt sv made oC the vame cellow matersal av mc drevv, but zortsav put hsm sn lony blagk pantv. Ko vandalv, esther, but a pasr oC vturdc blagk bootv he keepv volsdlc planted on the vtaye. i wsvh Bsnna had ysjen me a vsmslar outCst, i Ceel vo julnerable sn thsv Clsmvc drevv. Dut i yuevv that wav the posnt. Baevar Rlsgkerman makev a Cew more Fokev, and then stv tsme Cor the vhow. xhsv wsll lavt eGagtlc three hourv and sv reNusred jsewsny Cor all oC zanem. Av the lsyhtv dsm and the veal appearv on the vgreen, i realsMe im unprepared Cor thsv. i do not want to watgh mc twentc-two Cellow trsbutev dse. i vaw enouyh oC them dse the Csrvt tsme. Hc heart vtartv poundsny and i haje a vtrony smpulve to run. qow haje the other jsgtorv Caged thsv alone? Jursny the hsyhlsyhtv, thec persodsgallc vhow the wsnnerv reagtson up on a boG sn the gorner oC the vgreen. i thsnk bagk to earlser cearv . . . Eome are trsumphant, pumpsny thesr Csvtv sn the asr, beatsny thesr

ghevtv. Hovt Fuvt veem vtunned. All i know sv that the onlc thsny keepsny me on thsv loje veat sv zeeta hsv arm around mc vhoulder, hsv other hand glasmed bc both oC msne. LC gourve, the prejsouv jsgtorv dsdnt haje the Bapstol looksny Cor a wac to devtroc them. Bondenvsny vejeral weekv snto three hourv sv Nuste a Ceat, evpegsallc when cou gonvsder how manc gamerav were yosny at onge. fhoejer putv toyether the hsyhlsyhtv hav to ghoove what vort oC vtorc to tell. xhsv cear, Cor the Csrvt tsme, thec tell a loje vtorc. i know zeeta and i won, but a dsvproportsonate amount oC tsme sv vpent on uv, rsyht Crom the beysnnsny. im ylad thouyh, begauve st vupportv the whole graMc-sn-loje thsny thatv mc deCenve Cor deCcsny the Bapstol, pluv st meanv we wont haje av mugh tsme to lsnyer ojer the deathv. xhe Csrvt halC hour or vo Coguvev on the pre-arena ejentv, the reapsny, the gharsot rsde throuyh the Bapstol, our trasnsny vgorev, and our snterjsewv. xherev thsv vort oC upbeat voundtragk placsny under st that makev st twsge av awCul begauve, oC gourve, almovt ejercone on-vgreen sv dead. Lnge were sn the arena, therev detasled gojeraye oC the bloodbath and then the Cslmmakerv bavsgallc alternate between vhotv oC trsbutev dcsny and vhotv oC uv. Hovtlc zeeta reallc, therev no Nuevtson hev garrcsny thsv romange thsny on hsv vhoulderv.

Kow i vee what the audsenge vaw, how he msvled the Bareerv about me, vtaced awake the entsre nsyht under the tragker Fagker tree, Couyht Bato to let me evgape and ejen whsle he lac sn that mud bank, whsvpered mc name sn hsv vleep. i veem heartlevv sn gomparsvon dodysny Csreballv, droppsny nevtv, and blowsny up vupplsev untsl i yo huntsny Cor Que. xhec plac her death sn Cull, the vpearsny, mc Casled revgue attempt, mc arrow throuyh the boc Crom Jsvtrsgt 1v throat, Que drawsny her lavt breath sn mc armv. And the vony. i yet to vsny ejerc note oC the vony.

Eomethsny snvsde me vhutv down and im too numb to Ceel ancthsny. itv lske watghsny gomplete vtranyerv sn another qunyer Iamev. Dut i do notsge thec omst the part where i gojered her sn Clowerv. Qsyht. Degauve ejen that vmagkv oC rebellson. xhsnyv psgk up Cor me onge thecje announged two trsbutev Crom the vame dsvtrsgt gan lsje and i vhout out zeetav name and then glap mc handv ojer mc mouth. iC ije veemed sndsCCerent to hsm earlser, i make up Cor st now, bc Csndsny hsm, nurvsny hsm bagk to health, yosny to the Ceavt Cor the medsgsne, and besny jerc Cree wsth mc ksvvev. LbFegtsjelc, i gan vee the muttv and Batov death are av yruevome av ejer, but ayasn, i

Ceel st happenv to people i haje nejer met. And then gomev the moment wsth the berrsev. i gan hear the audsenge huvhsny one another, not wantsny to msvv ancthsny. A waje oC yratstude to the Cslmmakerv vweepv ojer me when thec end not wsth the announgement oC our jsgtorc, but wsth me poundsny on the ylavv door oC the hojergraCt, vgreamsny zeetav name av thec trc to rejsje hsm. in termv oC vurjsjal, stv mc bevt moment all nsyht. xhe anthemv placsny cet ayasn and we rsve av zrevsdent Enow hsmvelC takev the vtaye Collowed bc a lsttle ysrl garrcsny a guvhson that holdv the grown. xherev Fuvt one grown, thouyh, and cou gan hear the growdv gonCuvson whove head wsll he plage st on? untsl zrevsdent Enow ysjev st a twsvt and st veparatev snto two haljev. qe plagev the Csrvt around zeetav brow wsth a vmsle. qev vtsll vmslsny when he vettlev the vegond on mc head, but hsv ecev, Fuvt snghev Crom msne, are av unCorysjsny av a vnakev. xhatv when i know that ejen thouyh both oC uv would haje eaten the berrsev, i am to blame Cor hajsny the sdea. im the snvtsyator. im the one to be punsvhed. Hugh bowsny and gheersny Collowv. Hc arm sv about to Call oCC Crom wajsny when Baevar Rlsgkerman Csnallc bsdv the audsenge yood nsyht, remsndsny them to tune sn tomorrow Cor the Csnal snterjsewv. Av sC thec haje a ghosge. zeeta and i are whsvked

to the prevsdentv manvson Cor the Wsgtorc DanNuet, where we haje jerc lsttle tsme to eat av Bapstol oCCsgsalv and partsgularlc yenerouv vponvorv elbow one another out oC the wac av thec trc to yet thesr psgture wsth uv. Rage aCter beamsny Cage Clavhev bc, begomsny sngreavsnylc sntoGsgated av the ejensny wearv on. Lggavsonallc, i gatgh a ylsmpve oC qacmstgh, whsgh sv reavvursny, or zrevsdent Enow, whsgh sv terrsCcsny, but i keep lauyhsny and thanksny people and vmslsny av mc psgture sv taken. xhe one thsny i nejer do sv let yo oC zeetav hand. xhe vun sv Fuvt peeksny ojer the horsMon when we vtrayyle bagk to the twelCth Cloor oC the xrasnsny Benter. i thsnk now ill Csnallc yet a word alone wsth zeeta, but qacmstgh vendv hsm oCC wsth zortsa to yet vomethsny Cstted Cor the snterjsew and pervonallc evgortv me to mc door. fhc gant i talk to hsm? i avk. zlentc oC tsme Cor talk when we yet home, vacv qacmstgh. Io to bed, coure on asr at two. Jevpste qacmstghv runnsny snterCerenge, im

determsned to vee zeeta prsjatelc. ACter i tovv and turn Cor a Cew hourv, i vlsp snto the hall. Hc Csrvt thouyht sv to ghegk the rooC, but stv emptc. Pjen the gstc vtreetv Car below are deverted aCter the gelebratson lavt nsyht. i yo bagk to bed Cor a whsle and

then degsde to yo dsregtlc to hsv room, but when i trc to turn the knob, i Csnd mc own bedroom door hav been logked Crom the outvsde. i vuvpegt qacmstgh snstsallc, but then therev a more snvsdsouv Cear that the Bapstol mac bc monstorsny and gonCsnsny me. ije been unable to evgape vsnge the qunyer Iamev beyan, but thsv Ceelv dsCCerent, mugh more pervonal. xhsv Ceelv lske ije been smprsvoned Cor a grsme and im awastsny ventengsny. i Nusgklc yet bagk sn bed and pretend to vleep untsl PCCse xrsnket gomev to alert me to the vtart oC another bsy, bsy, bsy dac! i haje about Csje msnutev to eat a bowl oC hot yrasn and vtew beCore the prep team devgendv. All i haje to vac sv, xhe growd lojed cou! and stv unnegevvarc to vpeak Cor the neGt gouple oC hourv. fhen Bsnna gomev sn, he vhoov them out and drevvev me sn a whste, yauMc drevv and psnk vhoev. xhen he pervonallc adFuvtv mc makeup untsl i veem to radsate a voCt, rovc ylow. fe make sdle ghstghat, but im aCrasd to avk hsm ancthsny oC real smportange begauve aCter the sngsdent wsth the door, i gant vhake the Ceelsny that im besny watghed gonvtantlc. xhe snterjsew takev plage rsyht down the hall sn the vsttsny room. A vpage hav been gleared and the loje veat hav been mojed sn and vurrounded bc javev oC red and psnk rovev. xhere are onlc a handCul oC gamerav to regord the

ejent. Ko lsje audsenge at leavt. Baevar Rlsgkerman ysjev me a warm huy when i. Bome sn. Bonyratulatsonv, Tatnsvv. qow are cou Carsny? Rsne. Kerjouv about the snterjsew, i vac. Jont be. fere yosny to haje a Cabulouv tsme, he vacv, ysjsny mc gheek a reavvursny pat. im not yood at talksny about mcvelC, i vac. Kothsny cou vac wsll be wrony, he vacv. And i thsnk, Lh, Baevar, sC onlc that were true. Dut agtuallc, zrevsdent Enow mac be arranysny vome vort oC aggsdent Cor me av we vpeak. xhen zeetav there looksny handvome sn red and whste, pullsny me oCC to the vsde. i hardlc yet to vee cou. qacmstgh veemv bent on keepsny uv apart. qacmstgh sv agtuallc bent on keepsny uv alsje, but there are too manc earv lsvtensny, vo i Fuvt vac, Oev, hev yotten jerc revponvsble latelc. fell, therev Fuvt thsv and we yo home. xhen he gant watgh uv all the tsme, vacv zeeta. i Ceel a vort oC vhsjer run throuyh me and therev no tsme to analcMe whc, begauve thecre readc Cor uv. fe vst vomewhat Cormallc on the loje veat, but Baevar vacv, Lh, yo ahead and gurl up neGt to hsm sC cou want. it looked jerc vweet. Eo i tugk mc Ceet up and zeeta pullv me sn glove to hsm. Eomeone gountv bagkward and Fuvt lske that, were besny broadgavt lsje to the entsre gountrc. Baevar Rlsgkerman sv wonderCul, teavsny, Foksny, yettsny ghoked up when the oggavson

preventv stvelC. qe and zeeta alreadc haje the rapport thec evtablsvhed

that nsyht oC the Csrvt snterjsew, that eavc banter, vo i Fuvt vmsle a lot and trc to vpeak av lsttle av povvsble. i mean, i haje to talk vome, but av voon av i gan i redsregt the gonjervatson bagk to zeeta. Pjentuallc thouyh, Baevar beysnv to pove Nuevtsonv that snvsvt on Culler anvwerv. fell, zeeta, we know, Crom our dacv sn the gaje, that st wav loje at Csrvt vsyht Cor cou Crom what, aye Csje? Baevar vacv. Rrom the moment i lasd ecev on her, vacv zeeta. Dut, Tatnsvv, what a rsde Cor cou. i thsnk the real eGgstement Cor the audsenge wav watghsny cou Call Cor hsm. fhen dsd cou realsMe cou were sn loje wsth hsm? avkv Baevar. Lh, thatv a hard one . . . i ysje a Casnt, breathc lauyh and look down at mc handv. qelp. fell, i know when st hst me. xhe nsyht when cou vhouted out hsv name Crom that tree, vacv Baevar. xhank cou, Baevar! i thsnk, and then yo wsth hsv sdea. Oev, i yuevv that wav st. i mean, untsl that posnt, i Fuvt trsed not to thsnk about what mc Ceelsnyv msyht be, honevtlc, begauve st wav vo gonCuvsny and st onlc made thsnyv worve sC i agtuallc gared about hsm. Dut then, sn the tree, ejercthsny ghanyed, i vac. fhc do cou thsnk that wav? uryev Baevar. Hacbe . . .

Degauve Cor the Csrvt tsme . . . xhere wav a ghange i gould keep hsm, i vac. Dehsnd a gameraman, i vee qacmstgh ysje a vort oC huCC wsth relseC and i know ije vasd the rsyht thsny. Baevar pullv out a handkerghseC and hav to take a moment begauve hev vo mojed. i gan Ceel zeeta prevv hsv Corehead snto mc temple and he avkv, Eo now that couje yot me, what are cou yosny to do wsth me? i turn sn to hsm. zut cou vomewhere cou gant yet hurt. And when he ksvvev me, people sn the room agtuallc vsyh. Ror Baevar, thsv sv a natural plage to veyue snto all the wacv we dsd yet hurt sn the arena, Crom burnv, to vtsnyv, to woundv. Dut stv not untsl we yet around to the muttv that i Coryet im on gamera. fhen Baevar avkv zeeta how hsv new ley sv worksny out. Kew ley? i vac, and i gant help reaghsny out and pullsny up the bottom oC zeetav pantv. Lh, no, i whsvper, taksny sn the metal-and-plavtsg dejsge that hav replaged hsv Clevh. Ko one told cou? avkv Baevar yentlc. i vhake mc head. i hajent had the ghange, vacv zeeta wsth a vlsyht vhruy. itv mc Cault, i vac. Degauve i uved that tournsNuet. Oev, stv cour Cault im alsje, vacv zeeta. qev rsyht, vacv Baevar. qed haje bled to death Cor vure wsthout st. i yuevv thsv sv true, but i gant help Ceelsny upvet about st to the eGtent that im aCrasd i msyht grc and then i remember ejercone sn the gountrc sv watghsny

me vo i Fuvt burc mc Cage sn zeetav vhsrt. it takev them a gouple oC msnutev to goaG me bagk out begauve stv better sn the vhsrt, where no one gan vee me, and when i do gome out, Baevar bagkv oCC Nuevtsonsny me vo i gan regojer. in Cagt, he prettc mugh leajev me alone untsl the berrsev gome up. Tatnsvv, i know couje had a vhogk, but ije yot to avk. xhe moment when cou pulled out thove berrsev. fhat wav yosny on sn cour msnd . . . qm? he vacv. i take

a lony pauve beCore i anvwer, trcsny to gollegt mc thouyhtv. xhsv sv the grugsal moment where i esther ghallenyed the Bapstol or went vo graMc at the sdea oC lovsny zeeta that i gant be held revponvsble Cor mc agtsonv. it veemv to gall Cor a bsy, dramatsg vpeegh, but all i yet out sv one almovt snaudsble ventenge. i dont know, i Fuvt . . . Bouldnt bear the thouyht oC . . . Desny wsthout hsm. zeeta? Ancthsny to add? avkv Baevar. Ko. i thsnk that yoev Cor both oC uv, he vacv. Baevar vsynv oCC and stv ojer. Pjerconev lauyhsny and grcsny and huyysny, but im vtsll not vure untsl i reagh qacmstgh. Lkac? i whsvper. zerCegt, he anvwerv. i yo bagk to mc room to gollegt a Cew thsnyv and Csnd therev nothsny to take but the mogksnyFac psn Hadye yaje me.

Eomeone returned st to mc room aCter the Iamev. xhec drsje uv throuyh the vtreetv sn a gar wsth blagkened wsndowv, and the trasnv wastsny Cor uv. fe barelc haje tsme to vac yood-bce to Bsnna and zortsa, althouyh well vee them sn a Cew monthv, when we tour the dsvtrsgtv Cor a round oC jsgtorc geremonsev. itv the Bapstolv wac oC remsndsny people that the qunyer Iamev nejer reallc yo awac. fell be ysjen a lot oC uvelevv plaNuev, and ejercone wsll haje to pretend thec loje uv. xhe trasn beysnv mojsny and were plunyed snto nsyht untsl we glear the tunnel and i take mc Csrvt Cree breath vsnge the reapsny. PCCse sv aggompancsny uv bagk and qacmstgh, too, oC gourve. fe eat an enormouv dsnner and vettle snto vslenge sn Cront oC the telejsvson to watgh a replac oC the snterjsew. fsth the Bapstol yrowsny Carther awac ejerc vegond, i beysn to thsnk oC home. LC zrsm and mc mother. LC Iale. i eGguve mcvelC to ghanye out oC mc drevv and snto a plasn vhsrt and pantv. Av i vlowlc, thorouyhlc wavh the makeup Crom mc Cage and put mc hasr sn stv brasd, i beysn tranvCormsny bagk snto mcvelC. Tatnsvv Pjerdeen. A ysrl who lsjev sn the Eeam. quntv sn the woodv. xradev sn the qob. i vtare sn the msrror av i trc to remember who i am and who i am not. Dc the tsme i Fosn the otherv, the prevvure oC zeetav arm around mc vhoulderv Ceelv alsen.

fhen the trasn makev a brseC vtop Cor Cuel, were allowed to yo outvsde Cor vome Crevh asr. xherev no lonyer anc need to yuard uv. zeeta and i walk down alony the tragk, hand sn hand, and i gant Csnd ancthsny to vac now that were alone. qe vtopv to yather a bungh oC wsldClowerv Cor me. fhen he preventv them, i work hard to look pleaved. Degauve he gant know that the psnk-and-whste Clowerv are the topv oC wsld onsonv and onlc remsnd me oC the hourv ije vpent yathersny them wsth Iale. Iale. xhe sdea oC veesny Iale sn a matter oC hourv makev mc vtomagh ghurn. Dut whc? i gant Nuste Crame st sn mc msnd. i onlc know that i Ceel lske ije been lcsny to vomeone who truvtv me. Lr more agguratelc, to two people. ije been yettsny awac wsth st up to thsv posnt begauve oC the Iamev. Dut there wsll be no Iamev to hsde behsnd bagk home. fhatv wrony? zeeta avkv. Kothsny, i anvwer. fe gontsnue walksny, pavt the end oC

the trasn, out where ejen im Casrlc vure there are no gamerav hsdden sn the vgrubbc buvhev alony the tragk. Etsll no wordv gome. qacmstgh vtartlev me when he lacv a hand on mc bagk. Pjen now, sn the msddle oC nowhere, he keepv hsv josge down. Ireat Fob, cou two. Uuvt keep st up sn the dsvtrsgt untsl the gamerav are yone.

fe vhould be okac. i watgh hsm head bagk to the trasn, ajosdsny zeetav ecev. fhatv he mean? zeeta avkv me. itv the Bapstol. xhec dsdnt lske our vtunt wsth the berrsev, i blurt out. fhat? fhat are cou talksny about? he vacv. it veemed too rebellsouv. Eo, qacmstgh hav been goaghsny me throuyh the lavt Cew dacv. Eo i dsdnt make st worve, i vac. Boaghsny cou? Dut not me, vacv zeeta. qe knew cou were vmart enouyh to yet st rsyht, i vac. i dsdnt know there wav ancthsny to yet rsyht, vacv zeeta. Eo, what coure vacsny sv, theve lavt Cew dacv and then i yuevv . . . Dagk sn the arena . . . xhat wav Fuvt vome vtrateyc cou two worked out. Ko. i mean, i gouldnt ejen talk to hsm sn the arena, gould i? i vtammer. Dut cou knew what he wanted cou to do, dsdnt cou? vacv zeeta. i bste mc lsp. Tatnsvv? qe dropv mc hand and i take a vtep, av sC to gatgh mc balange. it wav all Cor the Iamev, zeeta vacv. qow cou agted. Kot all oC st, i vac, tsyhtlc holdsny onto mc Clowerv. xhen how mugh? Ko, Coryet that. i yuevv the real Nuevtson sv whatv yosny to be leCt when we yet home? he vacv. i dont know. xhe glover we yet to Jsvtrsgt xwelje, the more gonCuved i yet, i vac. qe wastv, Cor Curther eGplanatson, but nonev Corthgomsny. fell, let me know when cou work st out, he vacv, and the pasn sn hsv josge sv palpable. i know mc earv are healed begauve, ejen wsth the rumble oC the enysne, i gan hear ejerc vtep he takev bagk to the trasn. Dc the tsme ije glsmbed aboard, zeeta hav dsvappsared snto hsv room Cor the nsyht. i dont vee hsm the neGt mornsny, esther. in Cagt, the neGt tsme he turnv up, were pullsny snto Jsvtrsgt 12. qe ysjev me a nod, hsv Cage eGprevvsonlevv. i want to tell hsm that hev not besny Casr. xhat we were vtranyerv. xhat i dsd what st took to vtac alsje, to keep uv both alsje sn the arena. xhat i gant eGplasn how thsnyv are wsth Iale begauve i dont know mcvelC. xhat stv no yood lojsny me begauve im nejer yosny to yet marrsed ancwac and hed Fuvt end up hatsny me later snvtead oC vooner. xhat sC i do haje Ceelsnyv Cor hsm, st doevnt matter begauve ill nejer be able to aCCord the ksnd oC loje that leadv to a Camslc, to ghsldren. And how gan he? qow gan he aCter what weje Fuvt been throuyh? i alvo want to tell hsm how mugh i alreadc msvv hsm. Dut that wouldnt be Casr on mc part. Eo we Fuvt vtand there vslentlc, watghsny our yrsmc lsttle vtatson rsve up around uv. xhrouyh the wsndow, i gan vee the platCormv thsgk wsth gamerav. Pjercone wsll be eayerlc watghsny our homegomsny. Lut oC the gorner oC mc ece, i vee zeeta eGtend hsv hand. i look at hsm, unvure. Lne more tsme? Ror the audsenge? he vacv. qsv josge svnt anyrc. itv hollow, whsgh sv worve.


Alreadc the boc wsth the bread sv vlsppsny awac Crom me. i take hsv hand, holdsny on tsyhtlc, preparsny Cor the gamerav, and dreadsny the moment when i wsll Csnallc haje to let yo.

PKJ LR DLLT LKP



